You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released.

We applaud corporations who have generously contributed to the Annual Fund.

View our Corporate Partners →

We are proud to showcase our corporate partners.

Learn More →

We offer discounts to Pittsburgh-area restaurants for PSO subscribers!

View Offers →

Partnering with us will enable your company to:

- Increase brand awareness  - Receive complimentary tickets and discounts  - Entertain clients and reward employees  - Enjoy access to Pittsburgh Symphony musicians and guest artists

- Create opportunities for cross promotions to desirable demographics  - Market your company in creative ways  - Support the arts – corporate partnerships keep ticket prices accessible for the general public

Make it your business to partner with the Pittsburgh Symphony & Heinz Hall! We present more than 300 events at Heinz Hall, in the community and around the world to 350,000 individuals each year. We are an economic force that enhances the quality of life for your employees, clients and customers and an iconic, internationally-recognized American orchestra with more than 120 years of history. Heinz Hall is a historic Pittsburgh theater and cornerstone of the vibrant Cultural District. The PSO has an award-winning Learning & Community Engagement programs that serve 60,000 children and adults annually.

Corporate Partners can receive benefits such as complimentary and discounted tickets, company recognition, exclusive access to donor events, and more. View 2024-2025 Corporate Partner benefits here →

You can also customize a strategic partnership to meet your company’s goals and marketing objectives!

For more information, please contact:  B Crittenden, Director of Corporate Support  412.392.3332 | ecrittenden@pittsburghsymphony.org

Request Information →

EITC is a program offered by the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development that allows businesses to receive significant tax credits when they contribute to state-qualified educational programming.

Learn More →

Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.

