You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released.

Manfred Honeck has firmly established himself as one of the world’s leading conductors, whose unmistakable, distinctive and revelatory interpretations receive great international acclaim. He is currently in his 14th season as Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. Read More →

With a contagious smile and captivating charm, the conductor, trumpet virtuoso, singer and actor Byron Stripling has ignited audiences across the globe. Named Principal Pops conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra beginning with the 2020-2021 season, his baton has led orchestras throughout the United States and Canada. He performs frequently as soloist with the Boston Pops Orchestra, and currently is the artistic director and conductor of the highly acclaimed Columbus Jazz Orchestra. Read More →

Moon Doh is Assistant Conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, appointed by Music Director Manfred Honeck in October 2021. A recipient of the Takaya Urakawa Foundation Grant awarded to promising young musicians, conductor Moon Doh has found great acclaim in various concert venues across Germany. As the Artistic Director and Conductor of the Flora Symphony Orchestra in Cologne for the past three seasons, he not only led exciting concerts but also worked closely with music pedagogues, reaching an unprecedented number of children through music. Moon's latest collaborations include leading the WDR Funkhausorchester in Germany, Savaria Symphony Orchestra in Hungary, and Pleven Philharmonic in Bulgaria. Read More →

Jacob Joyce is Assistant Conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, appointed by Music Director Manfred Honeck in October 2021. A dynamic and innovative presence on the podium, Joyce is also Resident Conductor of the Indianapolis Symphony, appearing with the ISO several times in the '19-'20 and '20-'21 seasons, in various classical, education, Happy Hour, and community concerts. He also made his debut with several American orchestras in '19-'20, including the Detroit, St. Louis, Houston, and Toledo symphonies. Abroad, Joyce has conducted the London Symphony Orchestra, the NDR-Sinfonieorchester, the hr-Sinfonieorchester Frankfurt, and the Frankfurt Museumsorchester. Read More →

Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.

Manfred Honeck

Music Director

Byron Stripling

Principal Pops Conductor

Moon Doh

Associate Conductor

Jacob Joyce

Associate Conductor

