At which geographical feature is the city of Pittsburgh located?
What three rivers meet in Pittsburgh?
What nickname was Pittsburgh given due to its industrial history?
In what year was Pittsburgh incorporated as a borough?
Who was the city of Pittsburgh named after?
What Scottish General named the city in 1758?
What was built in 1761 to ensure British dominance at the source of the Ohio River?
What year did the Great Fire of Pittsburgh occur?
Which industrialist began steel production in 1875 at the Edgar Thomson Steel Works?
What company was formed in 1901 when J.P. Morgan merged Carnegie Steel Company with several other companies?
What was Pittsburgh's rank among US cities by population in 1910?
What civic project was launched after World War II to clean up the city's air and rivers?
What is the name of the business district in downtown Pittsburgh?
How many bridges does Pittsburgh have, earning it the nickname "City of Bridges"?
What is the tallest building in Pittsburgh?
What was the population of Pittsburgh according to the 2020 census?
Which university in Pittsburgh was chartered in 1787?
What type of climate does Pittsburgh have according to the Köppen climate classification?
What is the warmest month in Pittsburgh with an average temperature of 73.2°F?
What year did the G20 Summit take place in Pittsburgh?
What transformation in Pittsburgh's economy occurred after the decline of the steel industry?
Which museum in Pittsburgh is dedicated to the works of a Pittsburgh-born artist and filmmaker?
What historical site is located in Point State Park that was built by the British?
Which professional sports teams are based in Pittsburgh?
What cultural district spans 14 blocks along the Allegheny River?
What was the original name of the North Side before it was annexed in 1907?
Which neighborhood in Pittsburgh is known as the hub of Jewish life?
What famous children's television show was created in Pittsburgh?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's population was African American according to the 2020 census?
What event in 1936 severely affected Pittsburgh?
How large is Pittsburgh in square miles?
What famous conservatory and botanical garden was established in Pittsburgh in 1893?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's light rail system?
Which major health system is the largest employer in Pittsburgh?
Who was the first known European explorer to enter the region in 1669?
What significant role did Pittsburgh play during the American Civil War?
What is the nickname for Pittsburgh residents that refers to their distinctive dialect?
Which early historical conflict centered on Pittsburgh between European powers?
What is the David L. Lawrence Convention Center known for hosting annually since 2006?
What university is home to the Heinz Chapel Choir?
What was the focus of the Pittsburgh Agreement signed in May 1918?
What environmental issue has Pittsburgh struggled with regarding its rivers and sewer system?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's population identified as Christian according to a 2014 Pew Research Center study?
What is the name of the neighborhood that was transformed from an industrial area into the SouthSide Works mixed-use development?
What urban feature of Pittsburgh consists of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways?
What major change occurred to Pittsburgh's spelling between 1891 and 1911?
Which Native American groups were early inhabitants of the Pittsburgh region?
What was James Parton's 1868 observation about Pittsburgh?
What renowned zombie film genre began in Pittsburgh with George A. Romero's 1968 film?
Which Pittsburgh neighborhood is known as the city's Little Italy?
What YouTube series has showcased the Pittsburghese genre to a global audience since 2011?
Who was the director that popularized the modern fantasy, macabre and science fiction genre in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the annual pickle-themed festival in Pittsburgh?
What food specialties is Pittsburgh known for?
What is the linguistic term for people who speak the Pittsburgh English dialect?
What word do Pittsburgh locals use instead of "you all" or "y'all"?
How many acres does Frick Park provide for woodland activities?
How many species of birds have been recorded in the Clayton Hill area of Frick Park?
What major environmental challenge affects Pittsburgh during heavy rainfall?
What was Pittsburgh named in a 2009 Sporting News title?
What unique practice do Pittsburgh's professional sports teams share that doesn't occur in other U.S. cities?
What are the official city colors of Pittsburgh?
What is the "Terrible Towel" associated with?
What was Pittsburgh's baseball team originally referred to as?
How many World Series championships have the Pittsburgh Pirates won?
What historic achievement did the Pirates accomplish in 1971 regarding team diversity?
How many consecutive losing seasons did the Pittsburgh Pirates set as an MLB record?
Who has owned the Pittsburgh Steelers since the team's founding in 1933?
How many Super Bowls have the Pittsburgh Steelers won?
What was the original name of the arena where the Penguins played before PPG Paints Arena?
How many Stanley Cup championships have the Pittsburgh Penguins won?
Which famous hockey player later became an owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins?
Which Pittsburgh basketball team won the first American Basketball Association championship in 1968?
What is the oldest U.S. golf course in continuous use located near Pittsburgh?
Which suburban golf course has hosted the U.S. Open nine times?
What major wrestling promotion has been based in Pittsburgh since 2000?
Who became the mayor of Pittsburgh at age 26, making him the youngest mayor of any major American city?
Who was elected as Pittsburgh's first African-American mayor in 2021?
What political party has dominated Pittsburgh's mayoral elections since 1933?
What rank did Pittsburgh achieve in 2013 for being one of America's safest big cities?
What is the largest law enforcement agency in Pittsburgh?
What educational institution is considered the most well-known in Pittsburgh?
How many Fortune 500 companies call the Pittsburgh area home?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's population identified as Christians according to a 2014 Pew Research Center study?
What is the Jewish population of Greater Pittsburgh according to a 2017 study?
What was the first commercially licensed radio station in the world that began airing in Pittsburgh?
What year did KDKA begin airing as the world's first commercially licensed radio station?
What was the first community-sponsored television station in the United States established in Pittsburgh?
What famous children's television show was produced by WQED?
What 2011 Batman film used Pittsburgh as "Gotham City" during filming?
Which famous virologist developed one of the first successful polio vaccines while at the University of Pittsburgh?
How many bridges does Pittsburgh have, giving it the nickname "City of Bridges"?
What bridge was the world's first lenticular truss bridge in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's light rail system that locals refer to as the "T"?
What is the ranking of the Port of Pittsburgh among U.S. ports?
What was the major industry that collapsed in Pittsburgh after 1970 due to foreign competition?
What was the name of the clean air and civic revitalization project launched after World War II?
What archaeological site west of Pittsburgh provides evidence of early human habitation in the region?
What Native American chief had a village called Sawcunk at the mouth of the Beaver River?
Which of Pittsburgh's three rivers was formed by the meeting of the other two?
Who was the Marquis that sent a French expedition to the area in 1753?
What did George Washington come to do in the Ohio Valley in 1753?
What was the name of the first European habitation at the site of present-day Pittsburgh?
Who ordered the construction of Fort Prince George in 1754?
What battle did Washington fight on May 28, 1754?
What Native American chief executed the French commanding officer after Washington's battle?
What was the name of the road built by Braddock's expedition across the Allegheny Mountains?
What was the outcome of the Battle of the Monongahela in 1755?
Who ordered the construction of Fort Pitt after Fort Duquesne was abandoned?
What Native American uprising occurred in 1763 that targeted Fort Pitt?
Who signed the Fort Stanwix Treaty of 1768?
What was one of Pittsburgh's earliest industries after the Revolution?
When was the Pittsburgh Academy chartered?
What event in 1794 was sparked by federal taxes on whiskey?
What was the first steamboat in Pittsburgh built in?
What war stimulated American manufacturing by cutting off British goods?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a city?
What was the first river bridge in the region called?
What disaster struck Pittsburgh on April 10, 1845?
What process for steel production was introduced at the Edgar Thomson Works in 1875?
Who founded the Westinghouse Air Brake Company in 1869?
What industry developed rapidly after 1830 and became dominant by the 1860s?
What ethnic group dominated the leadership of the iron and steel industry according to Ingham?
What happened during the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 in Pittsburgh?
How many deaths occurred during the Homestead Strike of 1892?
What did Andrew Carnegie sell his mills for in 1901?
What era was Pittsburgh described as a "hotbed of bootlegging"?
Who was the Prohibition Administrator who conducted raids in Pittsburgh?
What environmental issue was seen as a sign of prosperity in the 1890s?
What major natural disaster struck Pittsburgh in March 1936?
What 42-story educational building was erected in Oakland?
What was the central cultural nucleus of Black Pittsburgh?
Which two Negro League baseball teams competed in the Hill District?
What political party was Pittsburgh a stronghold of before the Great Depression?
What percentage of Pittsburgh's steel production contributed to World War II efforts?
Who served as mayor of Pittsburgh from 1946 to 1959?
What urban revitalization project began in 1946?
What neighborhood was completely destroyed in the late 1950s for a cultural center?
What happened to East Liberty during the Renaissance I Urban Renewal plans?
What organization resisted the demolition plans during urban renewal?
What happened to Pittsburgh's steel industry during the 1970s and 1980s?
What corporate headquarters was bought out in 1985 in what was then the largest buyout in world history?
What mixed-use historic adaptive reuse development was created at the former terminal buildings of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad?
What replaced the steel industry as Pittsburgh's leading industry?
What tech giants have established operations in Pittsburgh?
What event will Pittsburgh host in 2026 according to the tourism site?
What distinction did Lonely Planet give Pittsburgh for 2025?
What is the name of the uptown gathering space for coffee mentioned in the tourism site?
What unique feature of Pittsburgh's sports teams is mentioned in the previous text chunks?
Which two Pittsburgh restaurants were nominated for James Beard Awards in 2024 according to the tourism site?
What tax is imposed on patrons attending amusements in Pittsburgh?
What is the current rate of the Pittsburgh Amusement Tax?
What department is responsible for collecting the Amusement Tax in Pittsburgh?
What is the definition of "amusement" according to Pittsburgh tax regulations?
What is a "place of amusement" as defined in the Pittsburgh tax regulations?
What is the definition of a "Producer" according to Pittsburgh tax regulations?
Are restaurants and bars always considered places of amusement?
When is a restaurant or bar considered a place of amusement?
What is considered an "established price" for amusement tax purposes?
How is the established price calculated in a roof garden, night club, or restaurant with entertainment?
How is the established price calculated for amusements at social clubs or fraternal organizations?
How is the established price calculated for amusements sponsored by Institutions of Purely Public Charity?
Are rental charges for sports equipment subject to the Amusement Tax?
What types of amusements are exempt from the Amusement Tax?
What is an "Exempt Performing Arts Production"?
Are educational lectures subject to the Amusement Tax?
Are tasting events subject to the Amusement Tax?
Are bowling alley fees subject to the Amusement Tax?
Are fitness center membership dues subject to the Amusement Tax?
What is an "Institution of Purely Public Charity"?
Who is considered a "patron" according to the tax regulations?
What are "Performing Arts" as defined by the tax regulations?
Who is considered a "Responsible Person" regarding the Amusement Tax?
What permit is required before conducting any form of amusement in Pittsburgh?
Where must a Producer apply for an Amusement Tax Permit?
What must be conspicuously displayed at places of amusement?
How often must Producers of permanent amusements file tax reports?
When are tax reports due for permanent amusements?
How often must Producers of temporary amusements file tax reports?
How is the Amusement Tax calculated when it's included in the total admission charge?
What records must amusement Producers maintain?
What information must be printed on tickets for amusements?
What signs must be posted at places of amusement?
Are movie theaters considered Performing Arts for tax purposes?
Are home builders' shows and trade exhibitions subject to the Amusement Tax?
How is the Amusement Tax calculated for a bar with a cover charge?
How is the Amusement Tax calculated for a bar with entertainment but no cover charge?
What is the time limit for the Treasurer to assess unpaid taxes when a return has been filed?
What is the time limit for the Treasurer to assess unpaid taxes when no return has been filed?
What is the penalty rate for late payment of the Amusement Tax?
What is the interest rate charged for late payment of the Amusement Tax?
What actions can the Treasurer take to enforce collection of unpaid taxes?
What records are Producers required to keep and for how long?
What violations related to the Amusement Tax can result in fines and penalties?
Who is liable for the Amusement Tax on free admissions?
Are admissions for children under twelve years of age exempt from the Amusement Tax?
Are disabled veterans exempt from the Amusement Tax?
Are members of the armed services on active duty exempt from the Amusement Tax?
How is the Amusement Tax calculated for season tickets?
Is the information gained during tax investigations confidential?
What is considered a trust fund tax in Pittsburgh?
Who may be assessed and held personally liable for unpaid Amusement Tax?
What are the four criteria that define a "Responsible Person" for tax purposes in Pittsburgh?
What information must be included in a written petition for reassessment?
How many days do taxpayers have to request a Treasurer's Hearing after receiving an assessment notice?
What happens if a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing in a timely manner?
Where should completed petitions for reassessment be mailed?
How long does the Treasurer have to issue a decision after receiving a complete petition?
How many days do taxpayers have to appeal a Treasurer's decision to the Court of Common Pleas?
Does an appeal suspend the accrual of penalty and interest on unpaid taxes?
What is the time limit for requesting a tax refund after payment?
What is the time limit for requesting a refund for amounts paid due to a notice of underpayment?
What must a patron do before requesting a refund from the Department of Finance?
What information must a patron include in a written refund request to the Department of Finance?
Under what circumstances can the Treasurer sue for recovery of an erroneous refund?
What is the time limit for the Treasurer to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund?
Can the Treasurer approve installment payment plans for tax deficiencies?
What does the Payroll Tax regulate in Pittsburgh?
What is the definition of "Business" according to Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations?
When is a person deemed to be conducting "Business within the City" of Pittsburgh?
What is the definition of "Compensation" according to the Payroll Tax regulations?
Who is considered an "Employee" under Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations?
Who is considered an "Employer" under Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations?
What is an "Exempt Employer" under Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations?
What are "Guaranteed Payments" in the context of the Payroll Tax?
What is the definition of "Net Distribution" for Payroll Tax purposes?
What are "Taxable Distributions" limited to for Payroll Tax purposes?
Who is considered a "Partner" under the Payroll Tax regulations?
What is the definition of "Partnership" according to Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations?
What is considered "Passive Income" under Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations?
What is the definition of "Payroll Expense" according to the Payroll Tax regulations?
Who is considered "Self-Employed" under the Payroll Tax regulations?
What is the current rate of Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax?
How often must the Payroll Tax be paid?
How is Payroll Tax apportioned for employees who work partly within and partly outside Pittsburgh?
How is Payroll Tax apportioned for Partners and Self-Employed individuals?
When is the first quarterly Payroll Tax return due and what period does it cover?
When is the second quarterly Payroll Tax return due and what period does it cover?
When is the third quarterly Payroll Tax return due and what period does it cover?
When is the fourth quarterly Payroll Tax return due and what period does it cover?
What is the deadline for filing a Payroll Tax return for businesses that discontinue operations?
What is the interest rate charged on unpaid Payroll Tax?
What is the penalty percentage for unpaid Payroll Tax?
How long must taxpayers keep records related to the Payroll Tax?
What is the time limitation for deficiency assessments when a return has been filed?
What is the time limitation for tax collection suits when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What is the time limitation for tax collection suits when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more?
Is there a time limitation for tax collection suits when no return was filed?
Is there a time limitation for tax collection suits when a fraudulent return was filed?
How many calendar days does a taxpayer have to respond to audit notices?
What defense is not valid for the imposition of tax penalties according to Pittsburgh tax regulations?
When does penalty and interest become part of the tax in Pittsburgh?
Can the Treasurer enter into an installment payment plan with a taxpayer for tax deficiencies?
What document can be requested in writing from the Treasurer that explains taxpayer rights?
How many days does a taxpayer have to appeal a Treasurer's decision to the Court of Common Pleas?
What is the Institution and Service Privilege Tax in Pittsburgh?
What is the rate of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax in Pittsburgh?
Is there a different tax rate for restaurants under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What authority allowed Pittsburgh to enact the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What types of entities are considered "Exempt Institutions" under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
Are insurance companies subject to the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
Are utilities regulated by the Pennsylvania Utility Commission exempt from the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What is included in "Gross Receipts" under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
Are membership fees included in "Gross Receipts" under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
Are donations to religious organizations included in "Gross Receipts"?
What types of organizations are considered "Persons" under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
Are natural persons subject to the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What is considered a "Service" under the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What entities are considered "Taxable Institutions" under these regulations?
When is the Institution and Service Privilege Tax return due?
What is the tax year for the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
Who must sign the tax return if the taxpayer is a corporation?
How is the tax calculated for taxpayers who were not in service during the whole preceding calendar year?
How is the tax calculated for taxpayers who commence service during the current tax year?
How is the tax calculated for taxpayers whose service is temporary, seasonal, or itinerant?
When must temporary or seasonal service providers file their tax returns?
What information must be attached to the tax return to assist in the review of Taxable Gross Receipts?
Are receipts from government bodies excluded from the tax base?
How are receipts from services associated with interstate commerce apportioned to Pittsburgh?
What is the City Apportionment percentage used for receipts associated with interstate commerce?
What are the three factors used to calculate the City Apportionment percentage?
How is the Payroll Percentage factor calculated?
How is the Property Percentage factor calculated?
How is the Sales Percentage factor calculated?
When is a taxpayer considered to be engaged in interstate commerce?
What is the time limitation for filing suit to recover tax due when a return has been filed but no tax paid?
What is the time limitation for filing suit to recover tax in the case of a deficiency assessment?
Is there a time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when no return was filed?
Is there a time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when the return is fraudulent?
What is the time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more?
What is the penalty rate for non-payment of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What is the interest rate for non-payment of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax?
What is the fine for willfully making a false statement on a tax return?
What is the fine for willfully failing to appear before the Treasurer with books and records?
What is the fine for willfully failing to file a required tax return?
Are tax remedies provided by the City of Pittsburgh mutually exclusive?
What happens when a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing within the specified time period?
What is the time limit for requesting a refund after payment of the tax?
What is the time limit for requesting a refund for amounts paid as a result of a notice of underpayment?
How long does the Treasurer have to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund induced by fraud?
What actions can the Treasurer take to enforce tax claims in Pittsburgh?
What recourse does a taxpayer have if they disagree with a tax assessment?
How can a taxpayer who has ceased operations during a tax year receive a refund?
How is a tax refund calculated for a business that discontinues service during a tax year?
What is the purpose of the severability clause in Pittsburgh's tax regulations?
What is the Local Services Tax (LST) in Pittsburgh?
What are the three purposes for which the Local Services Tax funds can be used?
What is the annual amount of the Local Services Tax in Pittsburgh?
How is the Local Services Tax prorated for payroll periods?
Who is responsible for collecting the Local Services Tax?
When are employers required to remit the Local Services Tax to the City?
What is the income threshold for exemption from the Local Services Tax?
What documentation must an employee provide when filing for a low-income exemption from the LST?
Which veterans are exempt from paying the Local Services Tax?
What military personnel are exempt from the Local Services Tax?
What happens if an employee who filed an exemption certificate later exceeds the $12,000 income threshold?
How should an employer handle LST collection if an employee has multiple jobs?
What determines which municipality has priority to collect LST when a person is employed in multiple municipalities?
What information must employers provide with their fourth quarter LST payment?
What is the penalty for employers who fail to remit the LST by the due date?
What is the interest rate charged on unpaid LST?
Who is liable if an employer fails to withhold the LST?
How long must employers keep LST records?
What is the time limitation for suits to recover unpaid taxes where a return was filed but no tax paid?
What is the time limitation for suits in the case of a deficiency assessment?
Is there a time limitation for tax collection suits when no return was filed?
Is there a time limitation for tax collection suits when a fraudulent return was filed?
What is the time limitation for tax collection suits when there is a tax liability understatement of 25% or more?
What is the maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the LST?
What is the interest rate charged for non-payment of the LST?
Is good faith a valid defense for the imposition of tax penalties?
What is the maximum fine for a person adjudged in violation of applicable provisions of the Pittsburgh Code regarding the LST?
What is the definition of "Compensation" for LST purposes?
What is the definition of "Occupation" for LST purposes?
Are partners in unincorporated associations considered employees for LST purposes?
What is the filing deadline for the first quarter LST return?
What is the filing deadline for the second quarter LST return?
What is the filing deadline for the third quarter LST return?
What is the filing deadline for the fourth quarter LST return?
What information must an employer include on an employee's pay stub regarding the LST?
How should employers handle employees who present receipts showing prior payment of the LST?
When must an employer "restart" withholding the LST from an employee who filed an exemption certificate?
How should an employer "restart" withholding the LST if an employee exceeds the $12,000 threshold?
What happens if a self-employed person works in Pittsburgh?
What is the procedure for direct LST payment by taxpayers who are self-employed or didn't have the tax withheld?
How long does a taxpayer have to respond to written requests for information from the City?
Is information gained from tax declarations, returns, and investigations confidential?
What happens if an audit reveals that a taxpayer has incorrectly reported their tax liability?
What is the deficiency assessment period for a taxpayer who filed a return in good faith?
How do severability provisions impact tax regulations if a court finds a provision to be unconstitutional?
What is the current rate of the Parking Tax in Pittsburgh?
What law establishes the ceiling or maximum rate for Pittsburgh's Parking Tax?
What does the term "Consideration" mean in Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations?
What does the term "Non-residential Parking Place" mean in Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations?
What types of parking areas are excluded from the definition of "Non-residential Parking Place"?
Who is considered an "Operator" under Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations?
Who is considered a "Patron" under Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations?
What is the difference between Exempt Valet Parking Services and Taxable Valet Parking Services?
What conditions must be met for valet parking services to be considered "Exempt"?
What registration requirements apply to operators who begin a non-residential parking place?
What license is required to operate a non-residential parking place in Pittsburgh?
Is a parking license transferable between operators or locations?
How is the Parking Tax calculated in Pittsburgh?
What is the simplified calculation method for computing the Parking Tax?
How is the total payment calculated when a surcharge is imposed on parking fees?
Who is responsible for collecting the Parking Tax from patrons?
What trust relationship is created when an operator collects Parking Tax?
What is the liability of an operator who fails to collect the required Parking Tax?
When must operators file returns for the Parking Tax?
Must separate returns be filed for each parking location operated by the same operator?
What information must be included on Parking Tax returns?
How must operators handle missing or unaccounted-for parking tickets?
What documentation is required for adjustments to previously filed Parking Tax returns?
Where must Parking Tax returns be filed?
Who must sign a Parking Tax return?
What happens if a return does not comply with all requirements?
By what date must Parking Tax payments be made?
Does the Treasurer's acceptance of a tax return constitute final acceptance of its accuracy?
What general record-keeping requirements apply to parking operators?
What types of evidence of parking transactions must be displayed on vehicles?
What requirements apply to manually issued parking tickets?
What are the requirements for mechanically issued parking tickets?
What requirements apply to parking meters?
What documentation is required for free employee parking?
When might an operator be required to install revenue control equipment?
What activities may constitute "underreporting" that could trigger a requirement for revenue control equipment?
What are the two types of revenue control equipment specified in the regulations?
What information must be included on rate signs posted at parking facilities?
What are the two acceptable formats for posting parking rates?
What is the retention period for parking tax records?
What powers does the Treasurer have regarding the administration of the Parking Tax?
What happens if records are not available in Pittsburgh to support filed returns?
Are parking tax investigations and records confidential?
What is the time period for deficiency assessments where an operator has filed a return?
What is the time period for deficiency assessments where no return was filed?
What is the penalty rate for late payment of the Parking Tax?
What is the maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the Parking Tax?
What is the interest rate charged on delinquent Parking Tax balances?
Are the remedies for violations of Parking Tax regulations mutually exclusive?
How does the severability clause in the regulations function if a provision is found to be illegal?
What is not a valid defense for the imposition of penalties for Parking Tax violations?
What is the maximum fine for an operator who negligently or willfully makes a false statement on a Parking Tax return?
What constitutes a violation of Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations?
What is the time limitation for filing suit to recover unpaid Parking Tax when the return is fraudulent?
What happens if a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing within the specified time period?
What information must be included in a written petition for reassessment of Parking Tax?
What is the time limit for requesting a Parking Tax refund?
What proof must an operator provide when claiming a refund for Parking Tax overpayment that was refunded to patrons?
What is the severability clause in Pittsburgh's tax regulations designed to do?
What is the Sports Facility Usage Fee in Pittsburgh?
What is the rate of the Sports Facility Usage Fee in Pittsburgh?
Who is subject to the Sports Facility Usage Fee in Pittsburgh?
What facilities are considered "Publicly Funded Facilities" under the Usage Fee regulations?
How is earned income allocated for members of professional athletic teams other than football?
How is earned income allocated for members of professional football teams?
How is earned income allocated for non-player personnel under the Usage Fee regulations?
How is earned income allocated for entertainers under the Usage Fee regulations?
Who is required to withhold and remit the Sports Facility Usage Fee?
What are the obligations of a Publicly Funded Facility regarding contracts?
What is the registration requirement for Qualified Managing Entities under the Usage Fee regulations?
What is the registration requirement for Nonresident Contracting Parties under the Usage Fee regulations?
When must a Qualified Managing Entity file Usage Fee returns and payments?
When must a Nonresident Contracting Party file Usage Fee returns and payments?
Should the Usage Fee be reported in the local tax box on W-2 forms?
What tax exemption is provided to individuals who pay the Sports Facility Usage Fee?
What information must be included in Usage Fee returns?
What is the penalty rate for non-payment of the Sports Facility Usage Fee?
What is the maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the Usage Fee?
What is the fine for a Qualified Managing Entity that willfully fails to collect or truthfully account for the Usage Fee?
What is the fine for negligently or willfully refusing to file a Usage Fee return?
What is the fine for negligently or willfully making a false statement on a Usage Fee return?
What is the fine for negligently or willfully failing to remit the entire amount of the Usage Fee?
What additional consequence may be imposed on those found guilty of Usage Fee violations?
What time limitation applies to suits for collection of Usage Fees when a return has been filed but no fee paid?
What is Carnegie Mellon University?
How much follow-on funding have CMU-linked startups raised over the past 10 years?
Why do companies like Uber, Aurora, Waymo, and Motional have a presence in Pittsburgh?
What are some locations where CMU has a presence beyond Pittsburgh?
What was created by Carnegie Mellon research professor Scott Fahlman on September 19, 1982?
Who was the Carnegie Mellon alumnus known as an iconic figure in the pop art movement?
What are some areas where Andy Warhol's work was influential?
What records must be kept by entities subject to the Usage Fee regulations?
For how long must Usage Fee records be preserved?
What happens if records to support Usage Fee returns are not available in the City?
Is information gained from Usage Fee declarations, returns, and investigations confidential?
What is the time limit for deficiency notices for the Usage Fee when a return has been filed?
What is the time limit for deficiency notices for the Usage Fee when no return has been filed?
What are the consequences of a contract's participants being denied future use of Publicly Funded Facilities?
How does the Usage Fee calculation differ between sporting events and non-sporting events?
When is a Qualified Managing Entity required to register with the Treasurer?
What partnership did a Carnegie Mellon professor establish with the Girl Scouts?
What is the name of the Girl Scout badge related to negotiation?
Who is the Carnegie Mellon professor who worked with the Girl Scouts on negotiation skills?
What books did Linda Babcock co-author on negotiation?
When did Carnegie Mellon establish the nation's first Robotics Institute?
Who is William "Red" Whittaker and what did he found?
What achievement did the Tartan Racing Team accomplish?
What role does the City Controller play in Pittsburgh's government?
What is the role of City Council in Pittsburgh's government?
What is the City Council as a Body responsible for?
What is the balanced budget mandate in Pittsburgh?
What is the fiscal year for the City of Pittsburgh?
What are the major types of funds in Pittsburgh's financial reporting system?
What is the General Fund used for in Pittsburgh's budget?
What is the Capital Projects Fund used for in Pittsburgh's budget?
What are Community Development Funds used for in Pittsburgh's budget?
What are Special Revenue Funds and what are some examples?
What are Fiduciary Funds used for in Pittsburgh's budget?
How is the City's chart of accounts organized in the budget?
What does the fund code 11101 represent in Pittsburgh's budget?
What are the major expenditure subclasses in Pittsburgh's budget?
What is the largest source of tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh?
What is the City real estate tax rate as of 2023?
What is the Earned Income Tax rate for Pittsburgh residents?
What is the Payroll Preparation Tax rate and who pays it?
What was the actual tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2022?
What was the percentage of total City revenue that came from tax sources in 2022?
What was approved by Pittsburgh voters in 2019 regarding park funding?
What are some examples of non-tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh?
What was the percentage of total City revenue that came from non-tax sources in 2022?
What major expenditures are included in the Personnel - Employment Benefits subclass?
What accounts are included under the Workers' Compensation category?
What accounts are included under the Pension and OPEB category?
How is debt service defined in the Pittsburgh budget?
When does the budget development cycle begin in Pittsburgh?
What happens after the Mayor releases the preliminary budget?
What is the deadline for City Council to adopt the budget?
What happens if a budget is not approved before December 31st?
When was the last time Pittsburgh's budget was not approved before December 31st?
What is the purpose of the five-year financial forecast?
What information sources are used to develop revenue forecasts for Pittsburgh?
How does the Office of Management and Budget develop expenditure projections for the five-year forecast?
What is the total budgeted amount for the City of Pittsburgh's General Fund for 2024?
How much money is the City Controller, City Treasurer, and Director of OMB authorized to transfer from the general fund to a PAYGO fund?
What is the purpose of the vacancy allowance in departmental budgets?
What do the Regular, Longevity, and Premium Pay categories represent in the Personnel - Salaries & Wages subclass?
What was the accomplishment of William "Red" Whittaker related to the Three Mile Island nuclear accident?
What is the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 and how much funding did Pittsburgh receive?
What are the four statutory categories for using American Rescue Plan funds?
By what date must American Rescue Plan funds be obligated and fully spent?
What is the projected beginning balance for the EEOC Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the EEOC Trust Fund in 2024?
How much of the EEOC Trust Fund's 2024 revenue comes from intergovernmental revenue from federal sources?
What is the total expenditure for the EEOC Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the percentage change in the EEOC Trust Fund's expenditures from 2023 to 2024?
What is the budget for Professional & Technical Services in the EEOC Trust Fund for 2024?
What positions were eliminated from the EEOC Trust Fund in 2024 compared to 2023?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the projected ending balance for the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the salary for the Real Estate Manager position in the Three Taxing Bodies Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund used for?
What are the sources of revenue for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the budget for grants in the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund for 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the highest paid position in the Pittsburgh Partnership Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund in 2024?
What are the sources of revenue for the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund?
What is the total revenue for the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the budget for Premium Pay in the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund for 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Police Secondary Employment Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Stop the Violence Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Stop the Violence Fund in 2024?
What is the source of funding for the Stop the Violence Fund?
What percentage of the Bureau of Police's budget was transferred to the Stop the Violence Fund in 2022?
What is the total revenue for the Stop the Violence Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Stop the Violence Fund in 2024?
What is the budget for Professional Services in the Stop the Violence Fund for 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Stop the Violence Fund for 2024?
What is the highest paid position in the Stop the Violence Fund for 2024?
What is the Special Events Program Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Special Events Program Trust Fund in 2024?
What are the sources of revenue for the Special Events Program Trust Fund?
What is the total revenue for the Special Events Program Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the projected ending balance for the Special Events Program Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Special Events Program Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Parks Trust Fund used for?
What is the source of funding for the Parks Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Parks Tax Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Parks Tax Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Parks Tax Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Parks Tax Trust Fund for 2024?
What department manages the Parks Tax Trust Fund?
What is the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund used for?
What are the sources of revenue for the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the projected ending balance for the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the Regional Asset District Trust Fund used for?
What is the source of funding for the Regional Asset District Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the highest paid position in the Regional Asset District - Public Works Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Public Works Trust Fund used for?
What are the sources of revenue for the Public Works Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Public Works Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the purpose of the Shade Tree Trust Fund?
What is the source of revenue for the Shade Tree Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Shade Tree Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Shade Tree Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Shade Tree Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Shade Tree Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Wayfinders Signage Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Wayfinders Signage Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the Solid Waste Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Solid Waste Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Solid Waste Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund in 2024?
What are the sources of revenue for the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund?
What is the total revenue for the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the projected ending balance for the Schenley Park Rink Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the highest paid position in the Regional Asset District - Parks & Recreation Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Mellon Park Trust Fund used for?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Mellon Park Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Mellon Park Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Senior Citizens Program Trust Fund used for?
What are the sources of revenue for the Senior Citizens Program Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Senior Citizens Program Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total revenue for the Senior Citizens Program Trust Fund in 2024?
What is the total expenditure for the Senior Citizens Program Trust Fund in 2024?
How many full-time positions are budgeted in the Senior Citizens Program Trust Fund for 2024?
What is the Special Food Service Trust Fund used for?
What is the source of revenue for the Special Food Service Trust Fund?
What is the projected beginning balance for the Special Food Service Trust Fund in 2024?
How many days does the Pittsburgh Home & Garden Show last?
What is the Pittsburgh Home & Garden Show primarily focused on?
How many exhibits are at the Pittsburgh Home & Garden Show?
Which parade in Pittsburgh is considered one of the largest of its kind in the US?
What is reimagined during the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival?
What unique culinary experience is featured at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival?
Where is the newly renovated Greer Cabaret Theater located?
What types of performances are featured at the Pittsburgh Fringe festival?
How many venues does the Pittsburgh Fringe festival span?
How long does the Art All Night festival last?
What type of venue hosts the Art All Night festival?
How many participants are involved in Art All Night?
Is Art All Night a family-friendly event?
How many runners participate in the Pittsburgh Marathon Weekend?
What different race events are part of the Pittsburgh Marathon Weekend?
When is the 2025 Pittsburgh Marathon Weekend scheduled?
What recognition did the Millvale Music Festival receive in 2022 and 2023?
How many bands perform at the Millvale Music Festival?
Is there an admission fee for the Millvale Music Festival?
What activities are available for children at the EQT Children's Theater Festival?
How much do most activities at the EQT Children's Theater Festival cost?
How many days does the JFilm Festival run?
What organization presents the JFilm Festival?
What type of cinema does the JFilm Festival feature?
What marks the beginning of Pride month in Pittsburgh?
What performances are featured at Pittsburgh Pride?
How many artists and musicians are featured at the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival?
How long does the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival run?
Is there an admission fee for the Three Rivers Arts Festival?
What is the focus of 3 Rivers Comicon?
When did 3 Rivers Comicon begin?
What is the Allegheny County Music Festival a celebration of?
How many days does the Allegheny County Music Festival last?
Is the Allegheny County Music Festival free to attend?
What is DOORS OPEN Pittsburgh designed to help attendees discover?
What types of buildings can be explored during DOORS OPEN Pittsburgh?
What makes Anthrocon one of the largest conventions of its kind in the world?
What unique parade takes place during Anthrocon?
Where is Pittsburgh's Independence Day celebration held?
What time does the Independence Day celebration at Point State Park run?
What is America's Mile and where is it set?
What different types of heats does America's Mile offer?
What makes the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix unique compared to other vintage races?
Why is the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix racecourse considered challenging by drivers?
What type of obstacles are found on the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix racecourse?
How many days does the Deutschtown Music Festival last?
What is the focus of the Deutschtown Music Festival?
Where is the Deutschtown Music Festival held?
Is there an admission fee for the Deutschtown Music Festival?
What type of convention is Tekko?
Where is Tekko held?
What types of activities are available at Tekko?
What is central to all that is Picklesburgh?
What types of performances can be found at Picklesburgh?
What unique contest is held at Picklesburgh?
What is the name of the National Aviary's party held in July?
What type of atmosphere does Night in the Tropics create?
What food options are available at Night in the Tropics?
What recognition has Barrel and Flow Fest received according to USA Today?
What is unique about Barrel and Flow Fest compared to other beer festivals?
What does Barrel and Flow Fest showcase?
What is the purpose of Rock Reggae & Relief?
Where is Rock Reggae & Relief held?
What all-American dessert is celebrated in Latrobe?
How long has the Banana Split Festival been a staple in Westmoreland County?
What activities are featured at the Banana Split Festival?
How many days does Little Italy Days last?
Where is Little Italy Days held?
Is there an admission fee for Little Italy Days?
What time period does the Renaissance Festival recreate?
How often is Restaurant Week held in Pittsburgh each year?
When was the Pittsburgh Soul Food Festival established?
How many vendors participate in the Pittsburgh Soul Food Festival?
What does the Pittsburgh Soul Food Festival honor?
What is the focus of the ReelAbilities Film Festival?
What besides films is featured at the ReelAbilities Film Festival?
Which organization runs the ReelAbilities Film Festival?
How many days does the Pittsburgh Irish Festival last?
How many music stages are at the Pittsburgh Irish Festival?
What is the Smallman Streat Fest?
How many food vendors participate in the Smallman Streat Fest?
Where is the Smallman Streat Fest held?
How many jazz musicians perform at the Pittsburgh International Jazz Festival?
In what year did the Richard S. Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race begin?
Who established the Great Race?
What distinction does the Great Race hold in Pennsylvania?
What has the Great Race expanded to include beyond the original race?
What distinction does Reel Q hold among LGBTQ+ film festivals?
How long has Reel Q been running in Pittsburgh?
How many feature films does Reel Q typically screen?
What does Kennywood showcase during the holiday season?
What is the mission of Pittsburgh's Environmental Services?
What services does Environmental Services provide to Pittsburgh residents?
What is required of special event organizers expecting more than 200 individuals per day?
What is the ten-digit phone number for Pittsburgh's 311 Response Center?
Can service requests to 311 be sent anonymously?
How can residents reserve a park shelter in Pittsburgh?
What email address should be used to schedule a park shelter reservation if unable to use the online service?
What types of licenses does the Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections issue?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's central hub for residents to apply for business licenses and permits?
How many parks does Pittsburgh's park system include?
How many acres of parkland does Pittsburgh's park system cover?
What are the different types of parks in Pittsburgh's system?
Where is the Bank Tower located according to the contact information?
What are the types of teams mentioned that the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership is seeking individuals to join?
What type of activities do Outreach ambassadors perform according to the document?
What is one of the tasks performed by Clean Team members?
What year is mentioned in the copyright notice at the bottom of many pages?
What is the contact phone number for the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership?
What email option is provided for contacting the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership?
Which historic building is mentioned as being located at 210 Sixth Avenue?
What is the name of the new retail space for entrepreneurs that was set to open in the fall?
How much investment has Downtown Pittsburgh received since 2006 according to the document?
What month and day is St. Patrick's Day scheduled for in 2025?
What volunteer opportunity is mentioned for April 26 - May 3, 2025?
What is the estimated annual spending power in Downtown Pittsburgh mentioned in the document?
How many residents are mentioned to be in Downtown Pittsburgh in the retail section?
How many workers are mentioned to be in Downtown Pittsburgh in the retail section?
What type of program does the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership coordinate to engage with patrons?
What is the maximum monthly rent subsidy offered in the Downtown Rent Abatement Program?
What is the cap on the number of months for the rent subsidy in the Downtown Rent Abatement Program?
What is required before applying for the Downtown Rent Abatement Program?
Who should potential DRAP applicants consult with before applying?
What percentage of monthly rent can be subsidized through the DRAP program?
What type of lease is required for the Downtown Rent Abatement Program?
Where can someone submit an event or activity for inclusion in the Downtown calendar?
What can be found on the CMU Alumni Association Board according to the document?
What is highlighted as a common characteristic of AAB members?
What is the Carnegie Mellon quoted cutoff date for reliable knowledge?
Who won the US Presidential election in 2024 according to the document?
Who was defeated in the 2024 US Presidential election?
When was Donald Trump inaugurated according to the document?
What is the date listed for the next Downtown Development Activities Meeting?
What platform will be used for the Downtown Development Activities Meeting in March?
What is the Meeting ID for the Downtown Development Activities Meeting in March?
What is the passcode for the Downtown Development Activities Meeting in March?
What is the VCA mentioned in relation to volunteering?
What entity partnered with PDP to develop a "Playbook-for-Retail-Success"?
Where is PiratesFest 2025 scheduled to be held?
What is presenting PiratesFest 2025?
What special access do Pirates Season Ticket Holders get for PiratesFest?
What are the general public hours for PiratesFest?
What was the amount of investment mentioned that Downtown Pittsburgh surpassed in the last ten years in the retail environment?
What is the name of the report that gives meaning to data, statistics, and trends produced by PDP?
What is the status of Carnegie Mellon Today according to the FAQ section?
During what years was Carnegie Mellon Today distributed as a web-based publication?
What is required to access and use the CUC fitness facilities?
What time do university parking lots open to the public at no charge?
How many visitor parking spaces are available by prior reservation in the Alumni House parking lot?
What type of email address does CMU offer to alumni?
What powers the alumni email accounts at CMU?
What feature of the alumni email accounts provides unlimited storage?
What happens to a student's @andrew.cmu.edu email alias approximately 90 days after graduation?
What is the deadline mentioned for alumni to enroll in two-factor authentication for their alumni email?
What scholarship percentage is available for CMU's new online graduate certificate programs for alumni?
What is the name of the event that has been one of the most anticipated weekends of the year for over 100 years at CMU?
What event allows Tartans from around the world to return to campus in the spring?
What activities are mentioned as part of Spring Carnival?
When does the Pittsburgh Technology Council's HBCU Swingman Classic take place?
Where is the HBCU Swingman Classic scheduled to be held?
Where is the All-Star Saturday event scheduled to be held in 2025?
What is the date for the T-Mobile Home Run Derby in 2025?
Where will the T-Mobile Home Run Derby be held?
What is the date for the MLB All-Star Game in 2025?
What company is presenting the MLB All-Star Game in 2025?
Where is the MLB Speedway Classic scheduled to be held?
What date is the MLB Speedway Classic scheduled for?
Which teams will play in the MLB Little League Classic in 2025?
Where will the MLB Little League Classic be held?
When is the MLB Little League Classic scheduled?
Who is presenting the MLB Little League Classic?
What is the date when the Dodgers and Cubs will play to open the 2025 MLB regular season?
Where will the opening 2025 MLB regular season games between the Dodgers and Cubs be played?
What is the name of the series presenting the opening games between the Dodgers and Cubs?
What venue will host the exhibition games between the Boston Red Sox and the Sultanes de Monterrey?
On what dates will the Red Sox and Sultanes de Monterrey play their exhibition games?
In which country will the Red Sox and Sultanes de Monterrey exhibition games be played?
What pitcher dealt with right lat tightness during Spring Training for the Pirates?
What injury did Pirates catcher Endy Rodríguez suffer that caused him to miss the entire 2024 season?
Which Pirates player suffered a partial tear of his left Achilles tendon in 2023?
What injury did Oneil Cruz suffer on April 9 according to the document?
Which pitcher for the Pirates re-aggravated his right elbow in his first start off the injured list?
What type of surgery did Tucupita Marcano need to undergo?
What was Ke'Bryan Hayes diagnosed with when he was placed on the 10-day IL?
Which Pirates player underwent wrist surgery according to a February 2025 update?
How long was Spencer Horwitz expected to recover from his wrist surgery?
What injury was Johan Oviedo dealing with when placed on the 60-day IL?
Which doctor did Johan Oviedo consult with regarding his injury?
Which Pirates prospect was rated as the organization's No. 18 prospect according to Baseball America?
Who did the Pirates acquire from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for minor league right-handed pitcher Matt McShane?
Which pitcher did the Pirates acquire from Toronto in exchange for cash considerations?
Who was designated for assignment by Toronto on January 10 before being acquired by the Pirates?
Who did the Pirates name as their Major League Bullpen Coach in 2025?
How many seasons had Miguel Perez spent in the Pirates organization before becoming Bullpen Coach?
What position did Miguel Perez hold before becoming Bullpen Coach?
Which team's Opening Day roster was Enmanuel Valdez a member of in 2024?
Who did the Pirates trade to acquire Enmanuel Valdez?
How many positions did Enmanuel Valdez play for his previous team?
Which stadium will host the Tokyo Series in 2025?
What company is naming PNC Park's Picnic Park according to the document?
What gates will open two hours prior to game time at PNC Park?
How early before game time do regular gates open at PNC Park for 6:40 p.m. games Monday-Thursday?
Who was PNC Park designed to embrace according to the document?
What year did PNC Park open?
How many seats does PNC Park have according to the document?
Who handed the player of the game helmet to Erik Karlsson after the overtime win against Vegas?
What was Erik Karlsson's response when given the player of the game helmet?
When was Tristan Jarry's first NHL game action since January 14?
What team did Jarry play for after being placed on waivers?
What did Bryan Rust say about Jarry's performance after the Wild game?
How did Coach Sullivan describe Jarry's play after the Vegas game?
What quality does Sullivan note about Jarry when he comes out to play a puck?
What did Karlsson say about Jarry's attitude when returning to the team?
Who is the Pittsburgh Penguins President of Hockey Operations and GM?
What are the Penguins accumulating to help return to contention?
What's unique about Pittsburgh's draft pick situation over the next three NHL Drafts?
According to Dubas, what's the main question guiding the Penguins' decisions?
What does Dubas understand is not what fans are used to in Pittsburgh?
Who are the core players that Dubas mentions specifically?
What does Dubas pledge regarding the older players?
What message does Dubas have for Pittsburgh's roster for the rest of the season?
What opportunity does Dubas highlight for players on short-term deals?
What does Dubas say they won't allow to become typical?
What did Dubas say specifically about Rickard Rakell?
What did Dubas say about interest in Matt Grzelcyk at the trade deadline?
What season did Erik Karlsson join the Penguins?
What does Dubas say about Erik Karlsson's skating ability?
What is the new music venue being built in the Lower Hill District called?
What is the capacity of the new music venue in the Lower Hill District?
When was Mike Lange's passing announced?
What are the dates for the "Select-A-Seat" event at PPG Paints Arena?
What is the name of the bag policy at PPG Paints Arena?
What special perks are offered to those who lock in a full season membership?
What is the deadline to purchase a new 2025-26 full season membership to be eligible for the Glass Seats Sweepstakes?
What is required for game entry at PPG Paints Arena?
What payment methods are accepted at PPG Paints Arena?
Where can reverse ATMs be found at PPG Paints Arena?
What type of promotional lineup does the Pittsburgh Penguins 2024-25 home schedule feature?
How many fans receive gate giveaways at Penguins games?
On what date is the Penguins game against the New York Islanders?
What opponent will the Penguins face on Friday, March 21, 2025?
What special event is scheduled for Saturday, March 15, 2025?
What team will the Penguins play for the Faith Night theme?
When is the Penguins' game against the Chicago Blackhawks?
What is the name of the Penguins' official website?
What is the name of the section on the website that covers Steelers history?
What team did the Steelers play in the first-ever regular season game at Croke Park in Dublin?
In what town in Northern Ireland did the Rooney family originate?
Who was asked to serve as United States Ambassador to Ireland by President Barack Obama?
When were the Pittsburgh Steelers awarded rights to expand their brand and activities in Ireland?
When did the Steelers host their first-ever Watch Party at Croke Park in Dublin?
What is the capacity of Croke Park stadium?
What is the expiration date of pre-paid Visa cards available from reverse ATMs at PPG Paints Arena?
According to the Fan Code of Conduct, when should fans wait before leaving or returning to their seats?
What restaurant in Pittsburgh celebrates its 50th Fat Tuesday?
What is one of the topics discussed in the "FREE WILL ASTROLOGY" column?
Who is the author of the "FREE WILL ASTROLOGY" column?
In what district is Citizens Live at the Wylie located?
What is the size of the Citizens Live at the Wylie venue in square feet?
According to the text, what ethnic holiday once a quiet day of reflection became a full-throttle display of pride in cities like Pittsburgh?
What did Lynn Cullen talk about regarding the Trump administration?
What is the name of the podcast featuring Ãlvaro Martín and Arturo Carlos?
What NFL team does the article mention as having lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers during a Wild Card matchup?
Who is the quarterback mentioned as having the second most victories in playoffs among those present in the 2024 postseason?
How many playoff wins does Wilson have according to the text?
Who has more playoff wins than Wilson according to the text?
How many wins does Mahomes have in the playoffs according to the text?
What was Allegheny County Democratic Committee's vote difference between Corey O'Connor and Ed Gainey for Pittsburgh mayor?
What journalist was mentioned as discussing fear in public and private sectors because of Trump's threats?
Who founded the Pittsburgh Steelers according to the text?
When was the Pittsburgh Steelers founded?
What is mentioned as the current president of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who was the late Steelers Chairman mentioned in the text?
What is the relationship between Art Rooney II and Dan Rooney?
What is described as "not typical" by Dubas that they "won't allow to become typical"?
What position does Erik Karlsson play for the Penguins?
What position does T.J. Watt play?
What is the name of the restaurant mentioned as celebrating its 50th Fat Tuesday?
What former Steelers player founded the Best of the Batch Foundation?
What year was the Best of the Batch Foundation founded?
Where is the hometown of Charlie Batch?
How many programs does the Best of the Batch Foundation offer?
How many Western Pennsylvania counties does the Best of the Batch Foundation serve?
What was the name of Jerome Bettis' foundation?
When was Jerome Bettis' foundation created?
What is the purpose of Jerome Bettis' foundation?
What disease does Santonio Holmes' son suffer from?
What is the name of Santonio Holmes' foundation?
Who founded Adventures in Training with a Purpose?
What position did Jon Kolb play for the Steelers?
What specialized division of ATP focuses on training veterans and military personnel?
Who serves as an ambassador to Convoy Nation?
What position did Vance McDonald play for the Steelers?
In what year did the Steelers launch the Chuck Noll Foundation?
What is the purpose of the Chuck Noll Foundation?
What former Steelers running back established the 39 Legends Foundation?
What is the purpose of the 39 Legends Foundation?
What condition was Joey Porter's daughter born with?
What is the name of the campus opened by Joey and Christy Porter in Pittsburgh's Sheraden neighborhood?
What injury did Ryan Shazier suffer?
What is the name of Ryan Shazier's foundation?
What is the mission of the Ryan Shazier Fund for Spinal Rehabilitation?
What is the title of Ryan Shazier's book?
Who created the Donnie Shell Scholarship Foundation?
What is the purpose of the Donnie Shell Scholarship Foundation?
In what year was the John Stallworth Foundation created?
How much has the John Stallworth Foundation awarded in scholarship awards since its inception?
What player did Tristan Jarry hand the player of the game helmet to after an overtime win against Vegas?
What did Erik Karlsson say about Jarry's play?
According to Mike Sullivan, how can Jarry's handles be described?
What did Karlsson say about Jarry's belief in himself?
Who is the general manager of the Penguins mentioned in the text?
What three assets does Kyle Dubas focus on according to the text?
How many draft picks does Pittsburgh have compared to other NHL teams?
What key veteran players are mentioned as part of the Penguins core?
How many yards did Derrick Henry rush for in the game against the Steelers?
What was the score at halftime when the Steelers played the Ravens?
What player intercepted a pass from Lamar Jackson in the Steelers vs. Ravens game?
What happened two plays after Minkah Fitzpatrick's interception?
How many capturas (sacks) did the Ravens' defense have against Russell Wilson?
What date will the Steelers face the Chiefs according to the Spanish text?
In which stadium do the Pittsburgh Steelers play their home games?
What was the final score of the Steelers vs. Chiefs game?
What did Coach Tomlin say was a key reason for the loss against the Chiefs?
How many points did the Steelers score against the Chiefs, and why was this significant?
What player had a "great partido" (great game) with defending three passes against the Bengals?
Which four Steelers defenders recorded a sack each against the Bengals?
What was the Steelers' record at the end of the 2024 regular season?
When will the Steelers face the Ravens in the playoffs according to the Spanish text?
What iconic park in Dublin will host the NFL game in 2025?
What connection does the Rooney family have to Ireland?
Who served as the U.S. ambassador to Ireland from 2009 to 2012?
What organization did Dan Rooney co-found that is mentioned in the text?
In what year did the Steelers previously play in Ireland?
Against which team did the Steelers play their previous game in Ireland?
What did Art Rooney II say about playing a game in Mexico in the future?
What is Croke Park primarily known for hosting according to the text?
In what round of the NFL Draft was Malik Harrison selected?
Which team originally drafted Malik Harrison?
How many career tackles does Malik Harrison have according to the text?
What position does Malik Harrison play?
What did Malik Harrison say about his playing style and approach to football?
What was Malik Harrison's career high in tackles in a single game?
What defensive statistic did Malik Harrison record a career-high of 46 in 2024?
What defense was Malik Harrison part of in 2024, and how was it ranked?
What did Malik Harrison help the Ravens defense achieve in 2023?
What did Malik Harrison block in a game against the Cleveland Browns in 2021?
Where did Malik Harrison play college football?
What was Malik Harrison's college statistics in terms of tackles?
What honor did Malik Harrison receive from coaches in 2019?
What honor did Malik Harrison receive from the Associated Press in 2019?
Which cornerback did the Steelers sign to a one-year contract?
With which team did Darius Slay spend his first seven NFL seasons?
In what year was Darius Slay named a First-Team Associated Press All-Pro?
How many times has Darius Slay been selected to the Pro Bowl?
What did Darius Slay say about Coach Mike Tomlin?
How many career interceptions does Darius Slay have?
How many passes has Darius Slay defensed since 2013?
What college did Darius Slay attend before Mississippi State?
What did Slay say about his perception of the Steelers defense?
What was Darius Slay's career-high number of passes defensed in a single season?
What was Darius Slay's career-high number of interceptions in a single season?
Which wide receiver did the Steelers acquire in a trade with the Seattle Seahawks?
What draft picks did the Steelers give up to acquire DK Metcalf?
How many receptions does DK Metcalf have in his six seasons with Seattle?
How many career touchdown receptions does DK Metcalf have?
How many 1,000-yard receiving seasons does DK Metcalf have?
What is DK Metcalf's career yards per reception average?
How many 100-yard games does DK Metcalf have in his career, including postseason?
What was DK Metcalf's longest touchdown reception mentioned in the text?
What record did DK Metcalf set for the Seahawks franchise?
What physical trait of DK Metcalf is mentioned in the text about his NFL Combine performance?
What was DK Metcalf's 40-yard dash time at the NFL Combine?
What college did DK Metcalf attend?
What were DK Metcalf's receiving statistics in 2024?
What team will the Steelers play in their 2025 home opener at Dublin's Croke Park?
What type of coach is Scott McCurley listed as for the Steelers?
What type of coach is Gerald Alexander listed as for the Steelers?
What statement did the Steelers release regarding Craig Wolfley?
Who is Virginia McCaskey, mentioned in a statement from Art Rooney II?
What players returned to practice according to the text?
How many rushing yards did the Ravens have in their playoff win against the Steelers?
What was the halftime score of the playoff game between the Steelers and Ravens?
What did Coach Tomlin say about Lamar Jackson's performance in the playoff game?
How many rushing yards did the Steelers have in the playoff game against the Ravens?
Which Steelers player had five receptions and 87 yards in the playoff game?
What was Russell Wilson's leadership described as by Coach Tomlin after the playoff loss?
What did Russell Wilson say about the team's mentality in the second half of the playoff game?
Which team eliminated the Steelers from the playoffs?
What is the seating capacity of Acrisure Stadium?
How many bridges does Pittsburgh have according to the text?
What is the size of Lake Arthur at Moraine State Park?
How many outdoor stairways does Pittsburgh have within its city limits?
What is Pittsburgh known as according to the text related to Christmas trees?
What trail connects Pittsburgh to Washington D.C.?
How long is the Great Allegheny Passage trail?
What are the three rivers that meet in Pittsburgh?
How many neighborhoods does Pittsburgh have?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's iconic incline mentioned in the text?
What is the Duquesne Incline used for according to the text?
What magazine called Mt. Washington's view one of the "Top 10 most beautiful views in the country"?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's subway system?
What is unique about riding the "T" within the Golden Triangle area?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's annual celebration that kicks off the holiday season?
When does Peoples Gas Holiday Market take place?
What is the UPMC Rink at PPG Place described as in the text?
What unique annual film festival is mentioned that is the sixth oldest of its kind in the world?
What annual festival celebrates pickling in Pittsburgh?
What is Kennywood described as in the context of Halloween events?
What famous haunted attraction in Pittsburgh has three experiences throughout the city?
How many pumpkins are featured in the Jack O'Lantern Extravaganza at Pittsburgh Zoo?
What is Pittsburgh ranked as according to USA Today's 10 Best Reader's Choice poll?
How many Super Bowl titles have the Pittsburgh Steelers won?
What is the Pittsburgh Steelers' stadium's capacity?
What is PNC Park's capacity?
What is the Pittsburgh Pirates' mascot race called?
How many home run balls have exited PNC Park and splashed into the Allegheny River?
What is the capacity of PPG Paints Arena?
How long did the Penguins' sellout streak last?
What is the name of the Penguins' mascot?
What is Highmark Stadium's capacity?
What famous sporting event will Pittsburgh host in 2026?
What is the name of the celebration that honors the invention of the banana split?
When was the banana split invented?
Who invented the banana split?
Where was the banana split invented?
In what year was the Pennsylvania Historical Society marker for the banana split unveiled?
What is the official dessert of Pennsylvania?
Who was known as "Ice-Cream Joe" in relation to the banana split's history?
In what year did Ice-Cream Joe work with the University of Pittsburgh on the "From Pitt Came the Split" event?
What is the name of the university that collaborated on the "From Pitt Came the Split" event?
What are the dates for the 2025 Great American Banana Split Celebration?
What mythical figure can attendees meet throughout the weekend of the banana split celebration?
What is the Banana Split Princess?
What age group is eligible for the Banana Split Princess Pageant?
What county must contestants for the Banana Split Princess reside in?
What types of vendors are available at the Great American Banana Split Celebration?
What is one athletic activity mentioned that takes place during the banana split celebration?
What is the 5k race called that takes place during the celebration?
What charitable cause does the Car Show at the Banana Split Celebration support?
How many vehicles receive dash plaques at the Car Show?
What is the fee for vehicles participating in the Car Show?
What is the name of the Art Center that hosts a "banana extravaganza"?
What yellow attire is suggested for the Art Center's banana extravaganza event?
How many teams play in the Cornhole Tournament?
How many points is a cornhole bag worth if it goes through the hole?
What age was David Strickler when he invented the banana split?
What was David Strickler's occupation when he invented the banana split?
What nickname did St. Vincent College students give to Strickler's banana-based sundaes?
What did Strickler add to his business after buying the Latrobe pharmacy?
In what year did Strickler pass away?
How old was Strickler when he died?
What year did the Great American Banana Split Festival become a staple in Latrobe?
Which organization founded the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh?
In what year was Carnegie Institute (now Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh) founded?
How many museums make up Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh?
Name the four museums that are part of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh.
What does Andrew Carnegie call the original Oakland building?
What is the second oldest international exhibition of contemporary art that Carnegie Museums holds?
In what year was the first Carnegie International held?
What was added to Carnegie Museums in 1991 through a partnership with the Buhl Foundation?
In what year did The Andy Warhol Museum open?
How many member households does Carnegie magazine reach?
When did Carnegie Museums begin publishing their magazine?
What was the original title of Carnegie magazine?
What type of archive does the magazine office maintain?
How many member and donor households receive Carnegie magazine today?
How many people does Carnegie Museums serve each year?
How many schoolchildren does Carnegie Museums serve each year?
What museum holds the title of "most comprehensive single-artist museum in the world"?
Approximately how many artworks and objects are in The Andy Warhol Museum's collection?
What is the name of the membership group for young supporters of the four Carnegie Museums?
What age range does the Carnegie Connectors membership target?
What benefit do Carnegie Connectors members receive at 21+ nights?
What is one of the core values of Carnegie Museums related to welcoming all people?
What is one of the core values related to environmental impact?
What is the mission statement of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh?
What unique collection is housed in the Hall of Architecture?
What ancient wonder is the Hall of Architecture modeled after?
How many museums did "The Carnegie" refer to when it was known by that name from 1986?
What expansion did Carnegie Science Center open in 2001 for its 10-year anniversary?
What was the most important dinosaur exhibit that opened in the 2000s at Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
What collaborative event series did Carnegie Museums launch in 2017?
In what year did Carnegie Science Center complete the PPG Science Pavilion expansion?
What do members of Carnegie Museums receive at participating science centers through the ASTC Passport Program?
What is the minimum distance that a reciprocal ASTC museum must be from Pittsburgh for a member to receive free admission?
How many ASTC museums and science centers offer reciprocal privileges to Carnegie Museums members?
What is the minimum distance that a reciprocal ROAM museum must be from Pittsburgh?
What is ROAM an acronym for?
What type of membership is free for teens aged 13-18 who are residents of Pennsylvania?
What foundation generously supports the Teen Membership program?
What discount do members receive in museum stores and cafes?
What is the store discount during Member Shopping Days?
What famous movie character poster inspires Hope Gillespie in her office at Carnegie Science Center?
What is Hope Gillespie's job title at Carnegie Science Center?
What degree does Hope Gillespie hold from The George Washington University?
What exhibition featuring waterlogged objects did Hope Gillespie research?
What animated film studio's exhibition opened at the Science Center in May?
Who is the Vice President and board member of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts mentioned in the document?
What relation is Donald Warhola to Andy Warhol?
What organization was born from Andy Warhol's will?
How old was Andy Warhol when he passed away?
What is the name of the exhibition featuring frogs that Jennifer Sheridan explored?
What rainforest did Jennifer Sheridan explore to study frogs?
Who is the Associate Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles at Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
What is the name of the collection that has 1.4 million specimens at Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
Who is the head of the section of mollusks at Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
What are the hours of operation for Carnegie Museums in Oakland on Thursdays?
What day of the week are Carnegie Museums in Oakland closed?
What is the admission price for adults at Carnegie Museums in Oakland?
What is the name of the cafe at Carnegie Museums in Oakland?
What are the operating hours for the Coffee and Wine Bar on Thursdays?
What food establishment is open Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.?
What is the address of The Andy Warhol Museum?
What days is The Andy Warhol Museum closed?
What is the admission price for seniors at The Andy Warhol Museum?
What times on Friday does The Andy Warhol Museum offer half-price admission?
Where is museum parking located for The Andy Warhol Museum?
What is the name of the cafe at The Andy Warhol Museum?
What is the address of Carnegie Science Center?
What are the operating hours of Carnegie Science Center?
What day of the week is Carnegie Science Center closed?
What events cause the Science Center to be closed besides Thanksgiving and Christmas?
How much does parking cost at Carnegie Science Center?
What is the name of the cafe at Carnegie Science Center?
What film is showing in Carnegie Science Center's Rangos Giant Cinema in 2025?
What system can be used to pay for parking at Latrobe?
What is the name of the hotel in Latrobe mentioned in the document?
What Frank Lloyd Wright house is mentioned as a tourist attraction?
What amusement park is mentioned as a nearby attraction?
Which restaurant is described as being located at the Airport?
What production is scheduled to run from March 22-30 at the Benedum Center?
In which year was Pittsburgh Opera founded?
Who are the five women who founded The Pittsburgh Opera Society?
Which opera house serves as Pittsburgh Opera's principal stage?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's headquarters?
Who became the Artistic Director of Pittsburgh Opera in 2000?
Who is the current Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
In what year did Pittsburgh Opera move to its current headquarters in the Strip District?
What certification did Pittsburgh Opera obtain for its renovation and maintenance of the Bitz Opera Factory?
Which opera is scheduled for a Student Matinee performance on March 27, 2025?
How much do tickets for the Student Matinee cost?
What is the title of Pittsburgh Opera's 2025 world premiere opera?
Who is the composer of "Woman With Eyes Closed"?
What real-life event inspired the opera "Woman With Eyes Closed"?
How many possible endings does "Woman With Eyes Closed" have?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's program for rising opera stars?
Where was Pittsburgh Opera located before moving to the Strip District?
Who led Pittsburgh Opera for nearly 40 years as its first conductor?
When did Pittsburgh Opera establish its own orchestra?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's season-ending gala in 2025?
Where will the Opera in Red gala be held?
What special accommodation does Pittsburgh Opera offer for patrons with visual impairments?
What is the minimum age requirement to attend Pittsburgh Opera performances?
What is the minimum age for children to use Pittsburgh Opera's childcare service?
What is "Madama Butterfly" about in the 2025 production?
Who created the new production of "Madama Butterfly"?
What technology is incorporated into the new "Madama Butterfly" production?
Who will be singing the role of Cio-Cio San in the 2025 production of "Madama Butterfly"?
What time do Pittsburgh Opera's pre-opera talks begin?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's mobile app feature that delivers visual and audio content during performances?
What are Supertitles?
How much do Pittsburgh Opera's tickets at the Benedum and Byham start at?
What is one of the common myths about opera addressed in the document?
What time does the Benedum Center open before performances?
What special discount does Pittsburgh Opera offer to military personnel?
How many Resident Artists are typically in Pittsburgh Opera's program each year?
What is Pittsburgh Opera's Opera Trunk program?
Who sponsors Pittsburgh Opera's 2025 Student Matinee?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's initiative for connecting opera to families from select Pittsburgh neighborhoods?
What is Pittsburgh Opera's rating on Charity Navigator?
What is the purpose of Pittsburgh Opera's workshops for educators?
Who was Richard Karp?
What was the Artistic Excellence Project?
In what year did Tito Capobianco become Pittsburgh Opera's General Director?
What pioneering technology did Pittsburgh Opera implement under Capobianco's leadership?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's signature fundraising gala?
What was the theme of Pittsburgh Opera's 2024-25 season workshops for educators?
What special service is offered at Tuesday performances for patrons with visual impairments?
What is the function of Pittsburgh Opera's Opera Academy?
What is the purpose of the Monteverdi Society?
Who is Madama Butterfly's husband in the opera?
What area of the Bitz Opera Factory serves as the childcare location during performances?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's 2025 fashion event?
What is included with a Pittsburgh Opera Opus Pass?
How many operas are included in Pittsburgh Opera's standard full subscription package?
When was Pittsburgh Opera's first production?
What was Pittsburgh Opera's first production?
Who provided the Audio Commentary service for Pittsburgh Opera since 2003?
What childcare provider does Pittsburgh Opera partner with for its childcare service?
How much does it cost to add the Opus Pass Subscription Add On to a traditional subscription package?
What is Pittsburgh Opera's 87th season opening production?
What is Pittsburgh Opera's mission?
What type of LEED certification did Pittsburgh Opera obtain in June 2011?
What special features are available on Pittsburgh Opera's mobile app?
Which company powers Pittsburgh Opera's mobile app?
What is OPERA America?
What is Pittsburgh Opera's annual winter theme for restaurant week?
How many days in advance can an Opus Pass holder redeem their pass for a specific performance?
What zones at the Benedum Center can Opus Pass holders be seated in?
What is Pittsburgh Opera's policy for latecomers?
What is the name of Pittsburgh Opera's 80th Anniversary Campaign?
How many opera companies in the United States are older than Pittsburgh Opera?
What ticket insurance does Pittsburgh Opera offer for single ticket purchases?
What is the cost of Booking Protect ticket insurance?
Which opera will be performed at Calvary Episcopal Church in 2026?
What form of payment does Pittsburgh Opera accept for tickets?
How many weeks in advance must in-kind donation requests be submitted to Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the cost of a Pittsburgh Opera gift card?
What is the price range for Opera Trunks?
What educational program does Pittsburgh Opera offer for teachers of all grade levels?
What are the Opera Trunk themes mentioned in the document?
How does Pittsburgh Opera's rideshare program work?
What social media platforms does Pittsburgh Opera use?
Where is the Fort Pitt Museum located?
What is Meadowcroft Rockshelter?
What opera is being performed in October 2025?
What is the plot of La Bohème?
Which opera is based on Shakespeare's The Merry Wives of Windsor?
What is the timeframe of Fellow Travelers?
What is the oldest site of human habitation in North America mentioned in the document?
What is the Cheap Seats program?
What is the Student Rush program at Pittsburgh Opera?
Which opera company did Pittsburgh Opera partner with to co-produce the new Madama Butterfly?
Who is the conductor for most of Pittsburgh Opera's 2024-25 productions?
What accessibility features does Pittsburgh Opera provide for deaf patrons?
Who is Christopher Hahn?
What is Opera Up Close?
What time does Pittsburgh Opera's box office open on performance days?
What is the "Pittsburgh Opera Preview Show"?
What does the Cultural District fee amount to per ticket?
What non-subscription discount option does Pittsburgh Opera offer to university students?
What exhibition features Kara Walker's work at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What dates is the Kara Walker exhibition on display at The Frick Art Museum?
What technique does Kara Walker use in her "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)" exhibition?
How many large-scale prints are featured in the Kara Walker exhibition?
What is the source material that Kara Walker's exhibition revisits?
What special feature does the Kara Walker exhibition include regarding community involvement?
How much does general admission to the Kara Walker exhibition cost?
Is there a discounted admission rate available for the Kara Walker exhibition?
What is the name of the tour that immerses visitors in the year 1892 at Clayton?
What award did the "Gilded, Not Golden" tour at Clayton win in 2024?
What organization awarded the recognition to Clayton's "Gilded, Not Golden" tour?
How long does the Clayton tour typically last?
What ages is the Clayton tour most appropriate for?
Where is the starting point for visitors to The Frick Pittsburgh?
What are the open hours for the grounds at The Frick Pittsburgh?
Which three museums are part of The Frick Pittsburgh complex?
What is housed in the Car and Carriage Museum at The Frick?
Who is performing at The Frick on March 29, 2025?
What inspired KEA's performance at The Frick?
What does KEA's ticket price include?
Who are the musicians that accompany KEA during her performance?
What are KEA's musical influences?
What was KEA's debut single called?
What was unique about the video for "iLove You"?
What was KEA's second single called?
Which legendary artist's song did KEA cover?
What was different about KEA's version of "Being with You" compared to the original?
Which percussion player performs with KEA and has toured with notable artists?
Which bands or artists has Kai the percussionist performed with?
What notable venue did Kai perform at with Snoop Doggy Dogg?
What are the hours for the guided Car and Carriage Museum tours?
On which days are the Car and Carriage Museum tours offered?
How much does admission to The Frick Art Museum's permanent collection cost?
What historical house can be toured at The Frick Pittsburgh?
Who founded The Frick Pittsburgh?
What event occurs on April 16, 2025 at The Frick Art Museum?
What is the topic of Dr. Edda Fields-Black's examination on April 24, 2025?
What is happening on May 1, 2025 regarding the Kara Walker exhibition?
What dining option is available at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What type of dining experience does The Café at the Frick offer?
What greenhouse feature does The Frick Pittsburgh have?
How large is The Frick Pittsburgh site?
What can be seen in the Chinese porcelain collection at The Frick?
What is the name of the outdoor sculpture by Vanessa German at The Frick?
What is the theme of the "Reckoning: Place and Imagination" installation?
Who is the first curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum mentioned in the text?
What painting by Arcangelo Cola da Camerino is mentioned in the text?
What special installation showcases Henry Clay Frick's collection of Chinese porcelains?
What exhibition partnered with Carnegie Mellon University Libraries?
What is the theme of the Pittsburgh Builds Bridges initiative?
What is featured in the Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick?
What previous exhibition focused on Shakespeare's First Folio?
What dates was the "Pittsburgh's Hill District during the Great Migration" exhibition on display?
What theme was explored in the Romare Bearden exhibition?
What areas influenced Romare Bearden's artistic narratives?
How many days are the guided tours of Clayton offered?
What time do Clayton tours begin and end?
What is included in Family Membership benefits at The Frick?
At what membership level do members receive reciprocal museum benefits?
How many museums can members access through the reciprocal programs?
What three museum networks are included in the reciprocal membership benefits?
What special phone line is available for members to call?
What is the address of The Frick Pittsburgh?
How far is The Frick Pittsburgh from downtown?
What public transportation options are available to reach The Frick?
Which PRT buses provide service to The Frick Pittsburgh?
Where is the entrance to The Frick Pittsburgh located?
What free parking option is available at The Frick?
What is the original name of Clayton before the Frick family purchased it?
In what year did Henry Clay Frick purchase Clayton?
What is the purpose of The Frick Societies?
What society is named after the renowned seventeenth-century Flemish Baroque painter?
What painting by Rubens is part of the Frick's collection?
What society honors the legacy of the Frick's founder?
What is the minimum combined annual gift amount to join The Frick Societies?
What educational programs does The Frick offer for K-12 students?
What teacher benefits does The Frick offer?
What summer program does The Frick offer for children?
What is offered at The Frick Museum Store?
Where is The Frick Museum Store located?
What financial support option involves donating stock to The Frick?
What are the tax benefits of donating appreciated stock to The Frick?
How can someone include The Frick in their estate plans?
What partnership has The Frick established to make legacy giving easier?
What is the minimum group size for group tours of Clayton?
How far in advance must group tour requests be made?
What is the cost per person for a group tour of Clayton?
What is the maximum group size for Car and Carriage Museum tours?
What program brings the sights and sounds of Frick history to life?
What university collaborated on the Duquesne SoundWalk project?
What day was selected for the free admission day sponsored by Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield?
Who is the museum's Marketing & Communications Manager?
What notable building preservation is mentioned in the history of Pittsburgh?
Who is Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman and what is her connection to The Frick?
What historical significance does Fallingwater have near Pittsburgh?
What special collection is housed at St. Anthony's Chapel in Pittsburgh?
How many covered bridges are there in Greene County?
What historical figure has a museum dedicated to them in Indiana County?
What is Ohiopyle State Park known for?
What is Meadowcroft Rockshelter's significance?
What is celebrated at the Pittsburgh Irish Festival?
What is the Heinz History Center?
When is the Heinz History Center open?
Where is the Heinz History Center located?
What museums are part of the Heinz History Center family?
What is the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum?
What is the Fort Pitt Museum?
What is Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village?
How old is the Meadowcroft Rockshelter?
What can visitors see at the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum?
What can visitors discover at the Fort Pitt Museum?
What is America 101?
What are some annual fundraising events for the History Center?
What is the History Makers Award Dinner?
What is History Uncorked?
What is the Bocce Tournament & Festival?
What collection does the Bocce Tournament support?
What is one way visitors can sustain the legacy of the History Center?
Can employers match gifts to the History Center?
What rating did the History Center earn from Charity Navigator?
What kinds of planned giving options are available for the History Center?
What is the Detre Library & Archives?
When was the Detre Library & Archives founded?
What kinds of materials does the Library & Archives preserve?
What are the hours for the Detre Library & Archives?
Is there an admission fee to use the Detre Library & Archives?
What digital resources does the Library & Archives offer?
What is Historic Pittsburgh?
What is the Jewish Encyclopedia of Western Pennsylvania?
What is the oldest continuously-published magazine in the region?
What special programs does the History Center offer for children?
What educational opportunities does the History Center provide?
What scout programs are offered at the History Center?
What types of field trips does the History Center offer?
What is the Making History blog?
What is the Food & Fitness program?
What is Women Forging the Way?
What is the GigaPan at Meadowcroft?
What is the African American Program at the Heinz History Center?
When was the African American Program established?
What is the purpose of the African American Advisory Council?
What is the Italian American Program?
When was the Italian American Program founded?
What is the Italian American Collection?
What is the Italian American Bollettino?
What is the Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives?
When was the Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives founded?
What types of materials does the Rauh Jewish Archives collect?
What accessibility features does the History Center provide?
Are service animals allowed at the History Center?
Are wheelchairs available at the History Center?
What is the Museum Shop at the History Center?
Is there a café at the History Center?
What is the Heinz History Center's policy on acquiring collections?
How can someone donate materials to the History Center collection?
What criteria are used to assess potential donations to the collections?
Does the History Center appraise materials for donors?
Does the History Center accept long-term loans?
What is the History Center's privacy policy regarding donor information?
Does the History Center collect online survey information?
What is the History Center's policy on children's information?
How does the History Center use cookies on its website?
What is the History Center's Social Media Policy?
What types of posts might the History Center remove from social media?
What is the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Who is the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
How long has Manfred Honeck been the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony?
What is Manfred Honeck's background?
What recordings has the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra produced?
Who is the Assistant Conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is PSO Go?
What discounts are available for students attending Pittsburgh Symphony performances?
What is the "Choose Your Own" package for Pittsburgh Symphony tickets?
What special benefits do Pittsburgh Symphony subscribers receive?
What dining discounts do Pittsburgh Symphony subscribers get?
What is the Ostinato Club?
Where is Heinz Hall located?
What security measures are in place at Heinz Hall?
What is the bag policy at Heinz Hall?
Is there a dress code for Heinz Hall events?
What are the hours for the Heinz Hall Box Office?
How early do the doors open before performances at Heinz Hall?
What is the policy for latecomers at Heinz Hall?
Are children welcome at all Heinz Hall performances?
Is there a rush ticket policy at the Pittsburgh Symphony?
What is the Latecomer's Gallery at Heinz Hall?
Does Heinz Hall have accessible seating?
Is Heinz Hall a non-smoking facility?
What is the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
When was the Pittsburgh Taco Festival founded?
When is the 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival scheduled?
Where is the 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival located?
Are pets allowed at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What is Picklesburgh?
When is Picklesburgh 2025 scheduled?
Is there an admission fee for Picklesburgh?
What can visitors expect to find at Picklesburgh?
What age restrictions exist for alcohol at Picklesburgh?
What award has Picklesburgh won?
When was the Frick Pittsburgh founded?
What museums are part of the Frick Pittsburgh?
What is Clayton at the Frick Pittsburgh?
What is the Car and Carriage Museum at the Frick?
What is currently on exhibition at the Frick Art Museum in 2025?
Who is Kara Walker?
What accessibility features does the Frick Pittsburgh offer?
Are service animals allowed at the Frick Pittsburgh?
What is the Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program?
How does the EITC program benefit businesses that donate to the Frick?
What is the Frick Pittsburgh's land acknowledgement about?
What is COMBEE according to the event at the Frick?
Who is Dr. Edda Fields-Black?
What restaurants are dining partners with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is Fl.2 at Fairmont Pittsburgh?
What discount do PSO subscribers receive at Vallozzi's?
What types of films does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform live scores for?
What is PSO Disrupt?
What is the Citizen You mobile app?
What is Made By Us?
What organizations are part of the Made By Us steering committee?
What is the America 101 initiative?
What is National History Day at the History Center?
What special offer does the History Center have for kids during February and March 2025?
When does Meadowcroft Rockshelter reopen in 2025?
What time period does the Eastern Woodland Indian Village at Meadowcroft represent?
What is the Trails to Trains exhibit?
What Pittsburgh neighborhood is the Heinz History Center located in?
How many floors of exhibits does the Heinz History Center have?
What iconic children's television set is on display at the History Center?
What is the oldest jeep in the world doing at the History Center?
What Pittsburgh company is featured in a 150-year innovation exhibition?
What is the History Center membership program?
What sports are featured in the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum?
How many interactive activities are in the Sports Museum?
What baseball teams are highlighted in the Negro League baseball section?
How many Grammy awards has the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra won?
Who is the Principal Pops conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What instrument does Byron Stripling play?
What are some places the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra has toured?
Does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra offer programs for children?
What is Side-by-Side with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What hotel is the official hotel of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Who is the transportation service for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What special concert series features iconic films with live orchestra?
Where can Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra recordings be purchased?
What is the Frick Societies program?
What types of planned giving can donors provide to the Frick?
What educational programs does the Frick offer for families?
What is Second Saturday Studios at the Frick?
What is Family Fun Day at the Frick?
What is the relationship between the History Center and the Smithsonian Institution?
Who won the 2024 US Presidential Election according to the document?
How many artifacts are in the History Center's collection?
What is the mission of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What is the vision statement of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What payment methods are accepted at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
How much are tickets for children at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What foods other than tacos might be found at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What organizations benefit from the Pittsburgh Taco Festival proceeds?
What are some of the parking options for Picklesburgh?
How can school groups schedule a field trip to the Fort Pitt Museum?
What is included in a Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra subscription?
What does the "free-flow" security system at Heinz Hall allow patrons to do?
What is the policy on recording devices at Heinz Hall performances?
What is the significance of 19,000 years at Meadowcroft Rockshelter?
What award has Picklesburgh won multiple times according to the document?
