Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
The Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio rivers (the Ohio is formed by the confluence of the first two).
"The Steel City" for its dominant role in the U.S. steel industry.
Pittsburgh was incorporated as a borough on April 22, 1794.
Pittsburgh was named after British statesman William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.
Scottish General John Forbes named the city in 1758.
Fort Pitt was built in 1761.
The Great Fire of Pittsburgh occurred in 1845.
Andrew Carnegie began steel production in 1875.
U.S. Steel was formed in 1901.
Pittsburgh was the nation's eighth-largest city in 1910.
The "Renaissance" project was launched after World War II.
The Golden Triangle is the name of Pittsburgh's business district.
Pittsburgh has 446 bridges.
The U.S. Steel Tower is the tallest building at 841 ft (256 m).
The population of Pittsburgh was 302,971 according to the 2020 census.
The University of Pittsburgh was chartered in 1787.
Pittsburgh falls within either a hot-summer humid continental climate (Dfa) or a humid subtropical climate (Cfa).
July is the warmest month in Pittsburgh.
The G20 Summit took place in Pittsburgh in September 2009.
Pittsburgh's economy transformed from steel and manufacturing to high technology, robotics, health care, nuclear engineering, tourism, biomedical technology, finance, and education.
The Andy Warhol Museum is dedicated to the Pittsburgh-born artist and filmmaker.
Fort Pitt Blockhouse is located in Point State Park.
The Pittsburgh Steelers (football), Pittsburgh Pirates (baseball), and Pittsburgh Penguins (ice hockey).
The Cultural District spans 14 blocks along the Allegheny River.
The North Side was originally known as Allegheny City before being annexed in 1907.
Squirrel Hill is known as the hub of Jewish life in Pittsburgh.
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood was created in Pittsburgh.
According to the 2020 census, 23.0% of Pittsburgh's population was Black or African American.
Pittsburgh suffered severe flooding in March 1936.
Pittsburgh has an area of 58.3 square miles (151 km²).
Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens was established in 1893.
The Port Authority's light rail system serves Pittsburgh.
The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) is the largest employer with 48,000 employees.
French explorer Robert de La Salle was the first known European to enter the region in 1669.
The American Civil War boosted Pittsburgh's economy with increased iron and armament demand by the Union.
"Yinzer" refers to Pittsburgh residents with a distinctive dialect.
The French and Indian War (part of the Seven Years' War) centered on Pittsburgh between the British and French.
The David L. Lawrence Convention Center hosts Anthrocon, the world's largest furry convention, annually since 2006.
The University of Pittsburgh is home to the Heinz Chapel Choir.
The Pittsburgh Agreement focused on the future foundation of Czechoslovakia.
Pittsburgh has struggled with combined sewer overflows causing untreated sewage to flow into rivers when it rains.
According to a 2014 Pew Research Center study, 78% of Pittsburgh's population identified as Christian.
The South Side Works was transformed from a steel mill property into a mixed-use development.
The steps of Pittsburgh consist of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways.
From 1891 to 1911, the city's name was federally recognized as "Pittsburg" without the "h".
Algonquian- and Iroquoian-speaking peoples were early inhabitants of the region.
James Parton's 1868 observation described Pittsburgh as "hell with the lid off."
The modern zombie film genre began with George A. Romero's 1968 film Night of the Living Dead.
Bloomfield is known as Pittsburgh's Little Italy.
The Pittsburgh Dad series has showcased the Pittsburghese genre to a global YouTube audience since 2011.
George A. Romero was the director who popularized the modern fantasy, macabre and science fiction genre in Pittsburgh.
Picklesburgh is the name of the annual pickle-themed festival in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh is known for pierogies, kielbasa, chipped chopped ham sandwiches, and Klondike bars.
People who speak the Pittsburgh English dialect are sometimes referred to as "Yinzers."
Pittsburgh locals use "yinz" or "yunz" instead of "you all" or "y'all."
Frick Park provides 664 acres of woodland for activities.
Over 100 species of birds have been recorded in the Clayton Hill area of Frick Park.
Pittsburgh struggles with combined sewer overflows during heavy rainfall, causing untreated sewage to flow into rivers.
Pittsburgh was named the "Best Sports City" in the United States by Sporting News in 2009.
Pittsburgh's professional sports teams all share the same team colors (black and gold), a practice that doesn't occur in other U.S. cities.
The official city colors of Pittsburgh are black and gold.
The "Terrible Towel" is associated with Pittsburgh's football culture and the Steelers.
Pittsburgh's baseball team was originally referred to as the Buccos or Bucs (derived from buccaneer).
The Pittsburgh Pirates have won five World Series championships.
In 1971, the Pirates became the first Major League team to field an all-minority lineup.
The Pittsburgh Pirates set an MLB record with 20 consecutive losing seasons from 1993 until 2012.
The Rooney family has owned the Pittsburgh Steelers since the team's founding in 1933.
The Pittsburgh Steelers have won six Super Bowls, a league record.
The original name of the arena where the Penguins played before PPG Paints Arena was the Civic Arena, or locally known as "The Igloo."
The Pittsburgh Penguins have won five Stanley Cup championships.
Mario Lemieux, a Hall of Famer and back-to-back playoff MVP, later became an owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The Pittsburgh Pipers won the first American Basketball Association championship in 1968.
Foxburg Country Club, dating from 1887, is the oldest U.S. golf course in continuous use located near Pittsburgh.
Oakmont Country Club has hosted the U.S. Open nine times.
The Keystone State Wrestling Alliance (KSWA) has been based in Pittsburgh since 2000.
Luke Ravenstahl became the mayor of Pittsburgh at age 26, making him the youngest mayor of any major American city.
Ed Gainey was elected as Pittsburgh's first African-American mayor in 2021.
The Democratic Party has dominated Pittsburgh's mayoral elections since 1933.
Pittsburgh ranked as the 3rd "most secure" big city according to Farmers Insurance in 2013.
The Pittsburgh Bureau of Police is the largest law enforcement agency in the area with close to 850 sworn officers.
Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh are considered the most well-known educational institutions in Pittsburgh.
Ten Fortune 500 companies call the Pittsburgh area home.
According to a 2014 Pew Research Center study, 78% of Pittsburgh's population identified as Christians.
A 2017 study by the Cohen Center for Modern Jewish Studies estimated the Jewish population of Greater Pittsburgh was 49,200.
KDKA 1020 AM was the first commercially licensed radio station in the world that began airing in Pittsburgh.
KDKA began airing as the world's first commercially licensed radio station on November 2, 1920.
WQED 13 was the first community-sponsored television station in the United States, established on April 1, 1954.
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood was a famous children's television show produced by WQED.
The Dark Knight Rises used Pittsburgh as "Gotham City" during filming in 2011.
Jonas Salk developed one of the first successful polio vaccines while at the University of Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh has 446 bridges, giving it the nickname "City of Bridges."
The Smithfield Street Bridge was the world's first lenticular truss bridge in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh's light rail system that locals refer to as the "T" is officially called Pittsburgh Regional Transit's light rail.
The Port of Pittsburgh ranks as the 20th-largest port in the United States.
The steel industry collapsed in Pittsburgh after 1970 due to foreign competition.
The "Renaissance" was the name of the clean air and civic revitalization project launched after World War II.
Meadowcroft Rockshelter is the archaeological site west of Pittsburgh that provides evidence of early human habitation in the region.
Shingas was the Native American chief who had a village called Sawcunk at the mouth of the Beaver River.
The Ohio River is formed by the meeting of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
Marquis Duquesne, the Governor of New France, sent the expedition in 1753.
George Washington came to warn the French to withdraw from the Ohio Valley in 1753.
Fort Prince George was the name of the first European habitation at the site of present-day Pittsburgh.
Captain William Trent ordered the construction of Fort Prince George in 1754.
Washington fought the Battle of Jumonville Glen on May 28, 1754.
Seneca chief Tanaghrisson executed the French commanding officer, Ensign Joseph Coulon de Jumonville.
Braddock's Road was built across the Allegheny Mountains, which later became part of the National Road (US40).
The French inflicted heavy losses on the British in the Battle of the Monongahela, and Braddock was mortally wounded.
William Pitt the Elder, British Secretary of State, ordered the construction of Fort Pitt.
Pontiac's War occurred in 1763, with Native American tribes targeting Fort Pitt among other British forts.
The Iroquois signed the Fort Stanwix Treaty of 1768, ceding lands south of the Ohio to the British Crown.
Boat building was one of Pittsburgh's earliest industries after the Revolution.
The Pittsburgh Academy was chartered on February 28, 1787, later developing into the University of Pittsburgh.
The Whiskey Rebellion in 1794 was sparked by federal taxes on whiskey.
The first steamboat in Pittsburgh was built in 1811.
The War of 1812 stimulated American manufacturing by cutting off British goods.
Pittsburgh was incorporated as a city on March 18, 1816.
The Smithfield Street Bridge was the first river bridge in the region.
A great fire struck Pittsburgh on April 10, 1845, destroying over a thousand buildings and causing $9 million in damages.
The Bessemer process for steel production was introduced at the Edgar Thomson Works in 1875.
George Westinghouse founded the Westinghouse Air Brake Company in 1869.
The iron and steel industry developed rapidly after 1830 and became dominant by the 1860s.
The Scotch-Irish dominated the leadership of the iron and steel industry according to Ingham.
During the Great Railroad Strike of 1877, Pittsburgh workers had massive demonstrations that erupted into violence, resulting in 40 deaths and the destruction of over 100 train engines and 1000 railcars.
Ten deaths (3 detectives, 7 workers) occurred during the Homestead Strike of 1892.
Andrew Carnegie sold his mills to J.P. Morgan for $250 million in 1901.
Pittsburgh was described as a "hotbed of bootlegging" during the Prohibition era, 1920 to 1933.
John Pennington was the Prohibition Administrator who conducted raids in Pittsburgh.
Smoke pollution was seen as a sign of prosperity in the 1890s before being recognized as a problem in the Progressive Era.
A devastating flood struck Pittsburgh in March 1936, with flood levels peaking at 46 feet, killing 69 victims and causing $3 billion in damages.
The 42-story Cathedral of Learning was erected in Oakland.
Wylie Avenue in the Hill District was the cultural nucleus of Black Pittsburgh.
The Pittsburgh Crawfords and the Homestead Grays competed in the Hill District.
Pittsburgh was a Republican stronghold before the Great Depression.
Pittsburgh's mills contributed 95 million tons of steel, or 95% of the steel production, to the World War II effort.
David Lawrence served as mayor of Pittsburgh from 1946 to 1959.
"Renaissance I" urban revitalization project began in 1946.
The lower Hill District, predominantly inhabited by poor Blacks, was completely destroyed in the late 1950s for a cultural center.
East Liberty was demolished and replaced with garden apartments, public housing, and a convoluted road system that led to its decline during Renaissance I Urban Renewal plans.
The Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation resisted the demolition plans during urban renewal.
Pittsburgh's steel industry began to implode during the 1970s and 1980s due to foreign competition and other economic factors.
Gulf Oil's corporate headquarters was bought out in 1985 in what was then the largest buyout in world history.
Station Square was created as a mixed-use historic adaptive reuse development at the former terminal buildings of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad.
Medicine has replaced steel as Pittsburgh's leading industry.
Tech giants such as Apple, Google, IBM Watson, Facebook, and Intel have established operations in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh will host the NFL Draft in 2026 according to the tourism site.
Lonely Planet named Pittsburgh to its Top 10 Cities list for 2025, as the only U.S. city selected.
Trace Echo is the name of the uptown gathering space for coffee mentioned in the tourism site.
Pittsburgh's sports teams uniquely all share the same team colors (black and gold), a practice that doesn't occur in other U.S. cities.
Apteka and Pusadee's Garden were nominated for James Beard Awards in 2024 according to the tourism site.
The Amusement Tax is imposed upon patrons for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement in Pittsburgh.
The current rate of the Pittsburgh Amusement Tax is five (5%) percent of the established price.
The Treasurer (Director of Finance or the Department of Finance) is responsible for collecting the Amusement Tax.
"Amusement" is defined as all manner and forms of diversion, sport, pastime, and entertainment, including concerts, shows, theaters, exhibitions, movies, fairs, athletic contests, and all other methods of obtaining admission charges from the public.
A "place of amusement" is any place indoors or outdoors within the City where the general public may, upon payment of an established price, attend or engage in any amusement.
A "Producer" is any person conducting any place of amusement where the general public may, upon payment of an established price, attend or engage in any amusement.
No, restaurants and bars are not always considered places of amusement; they are only considered places of amusement if they offer entertainment.
A restaurant or bar is considered a place of amusement if it offers entertainment such as music, dance, performing arts, sing-alongs, comedy routines, or restricted sporting events not available on broadcast TV.
"Established price" is the regular monetary charge of any character, including donations and contributions, fixed and exacted by Producers for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement.
In roof gardens, night clubs, or restaurants with entertainment, the established price is deemed to be ten (10%) percent of the amount paid for refreshment, service, and merchandise.
For social clubs or fraternal organizations that furnish entertainment without a separate charge, the established price is fifty (50%) percent of the gross receipts.
For amusements sponsored by Institutions of Purely Public Charity where admission is obtained by donation or contribution, the established price is twenty-five (25%) percent of the total donation or contribution.
No, separately stated charges for the rental of tangible personal property, where such charges reflect market pricing, are not part of the Established Price and are not subject to Amusement Tax.
Exempt amusements include private affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations for members and guests, Exempt Performing Arts Productions, educational lectures without entertainment, bowling alley fees, fitness center memberships, and nonprofit sportsmen, recreational, golf or tennis club dues.
An "Exempt Performing Arts Production" is a Performing Arts event where the Producer is an Institution of Purely Public Charity and the proceeds, net of reasonable expenses, inure exclusively to the Institution of Purely Public Charity.
Educational lectures are not subject to tax when the primary purpose is to provide scientific, historical, or educational material to the patron with no material entertainment or recreation provided.
Tasting events are subject to the Amusement Tax if they primarily showcase commercial products, even without entertainment, unless the Producer collects sales or drink taxes from the patron based on the admission charge.
No, fees paid for the privilege of admission to a bowling alley to engage in games of bowling are not subject to the Amusement Tax.
No, membership dues, fees, or assessments paid to engage in activities predominantly focused on exercise, fitness, health maintenance, or weight control are not subject to the Amusement Tax.
An "Institution of Purely Public Charity" is an organization that qualifies for tax exemption pursuant to the "Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act" and generally shows that it has a Pennsylvania sales tax exemption.
A "patron" is anyone participating in the privilege of engaging in an amusement.
"Performing Arts" are defined as artistic performances of live concerts, dance, ballet, opera, traditional forms of drama, and dramatic recitation of recognized works of literary art associated with traditional and contemporary American Theater.
A "Responsible Person" is any natural person with check signing authority, control over financial accounts, job duties including tax collection/remittance, power to make payment decisions, and who willfully fails to remit the proper tax.
An Amusement Tax Permit is required before conducting any form of amusement in Pittsburgh.
A Producer must apply for an Amusement Tax Permit at the Bureau of Building Inspection - City Licensing and Permits Office.
Amusement permits must be conspicuously displayed at the places for which they are issued.
Producers of permanent amusements must file tax reports monthly.
Tax reports for permanent amusements are due on or before the fifteenth day of the month following the reporting month.
Producers of temporary amusements must file reports promptly after each performance.
When the Amusement Tax is included in the total admission charge, it is calculated using the formula: Tax = 0.04762 x Total Admission Charge (where Total Admission Charge includes the tax).
Producers must maintain complete and accurate records of all transactions, the total amount of consideration received, and the total amount of tax collected, including monthly summaries of ticket sales and numbers.
Tickets must clearly print the established price of admission, the amount of amusement tax due, and the sum of these two amounts.
Places of amusement must post signs at the entrance and near the box office stating the established price of admission, the amount of amusement tax due, and the sum total of the established price and tax.
No, movie theaters are not considered Performing Arts for tax purposes because they are not live performances.
Yes, home builders' shows, trade shows, and similar exhibitions are subject to the Amusement Tax.
For a bar with a cover charge of $10.00 (tax included), the Amusement Tax would be $10.00 x 0.04762 = $0.48.
For a bar with entertainment but no cover charge, the Amusement Tax is calculated as 5% of 10% of the total food and drink sales during the time of entertainment.
The time limit for the Treasurer to assess unpaid taxes when a return has been filed is three years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
There is no time limit for the Treasurer to assess unpaid taxes when no return has been filed.
The penalty rate for late payment of the Amusement Tax is five (5%) percent per month or fraction of a month.
The interest rate for late payment of the Amusement Tax is one (1%) percent per month or fraction of a month.
The Treasurer can sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh, obtain liens on property, wage attachments, levies, seizures and sales of property, and enter into payment installment agreements.
Producers are required to keep all records necessary for filing accurate returns for a period of not less than three years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
Violations include failing to file returns, refusing to permit examination of books and records, making false returns, divulging confidential information, and failing to make payments when due.
The tax for free admissions is computed on the established price charged to other persons for the same or similar accommodations, to be paid by the person admitted free.
Yes, children under twelve years of age who are admitted free of charge are exempt from the Amusement Tax.
Yes, disabled veterans who are admitted free of charge are exempt from the Amusement Tax.
Yes, members of the armed services on active duty and in uniform who are admitted free of charge are exempt from the Amusement Tax.
For season tickets, the Producer must collect the tax imposed and remit it at the time the reservation of the seating is made by the patron, in advance of the season's amusement.
Yes, any information gained as a result of declarations, returns, investigations, hearings, or verifications is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except by proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
Any Amusement Tax collected from patrons or deemed included in the Established Price paid by Patrons is considered a trust fund tax held for the benefit of the City of Pittsburgh.
The Treasurer may assess and collect unpaid Amusement Tax directly from any Responsible Person or from the Producer, or both.
A "Responsible Person" is defined by four criteria: (1) having check signing authority or control over financial accounts, (2) having job duties that include tax collection or remittance, (3) having power to make decisions about which debts will be paid, and (4) willfully failing to remit the proper tax.
A written petition for reassessment must include: the petitioner's name, address, and daytime telephone number; account and/or social security number; a copy of the assessment notice; a detailed explanation of why the petitioner disagrees with the assessment with supporting documentation; and the petitioner's signature.
Taxpayers have ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment to request a Treasurer's Hearing.
If a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing in a timely manner, they waive the right to contest any element of the assessment, and it will be construed as an admission to the propriety of the assessment.
Completed petitions for reassessment should be mailed to: Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh PA 15219-2476.
The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the petitioner's complete and accurate petition form.
Taxpayers have thirty (30) days from the date of notice of the Treasurer's decision to appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County.
No, an appeal does not suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid.
A request for a refund or credit must be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.
For amounts paid as a result of a notice of underpayment, a written request for a refund must be filed within one (1) year of the date of payment.
Before requesting a refund from the Department of Finance, a patron must first approach the Producer for a refund because the Producer has the best knowledge of the facts. The Producer shall have sixty days to review and grant or deny the refund in writing.
A patron's written refund request must include: name and address of the patron; name and address of the Producer; date(s) of the amusement; copy of any ticket or receipt; summary of reasons for overpayment; copy of the Producer's written rejection; calculation of overpaid tax; calculation of correct tax due; and calculation of the refund amount.
The Treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous refund if it was induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact.
The Treasurer must begin suit for recovery of an erroneous refund within two years after making the refund, or within five years if the refund was induced by fraud or misrepresentation.
Yes, the Treasurer may enter into a written installment payment plan if it's believed that such an agreement will facilitate collection and is in the best interests of the City.
The Payroll Tax regulates the taxation of payroll expenses of employers conducting business within the City of Pittsburgh.
"Business" is defined as any activity, enterprise, profession, trade or undertaking conducted with the object of gain, benefit, or advantages, including nonprofit businesses and trade associations.
A person is deemed to be conducting "Business within the City" if they engage employees and do at least one of the following: maintain a fixed place of business within the City; own or lease real property within the City; maintain stock for sale in the City; conduct continuous solicitation within the City; or utilize the streets of the City in connection with business operations.
"Compensation" is defined as salaries, wages, commissions, bonuses, net earnings, incentive payments, fees, tips, and any other form of remuneration earned for services rendered, excluding Passive Income received by Partners or Self-employed persons.
An "Employee" under Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations is any individual in service to an Employer, regardless of whether they might be classified as an independent contractor under IRS Form 1099-MISC reporting rules.
An "Employer" is any person conducting Business within the City, including partnerships as to their employees and partners providing service in the City, but excluding Exempt Employers.
An "Exempt Employer" is any person that is a Governmental Entity, but contractors or consultants providing services to a Governmental Entity are not themselves exempt.
"Guaranteed Payments" are payments to Partners by the Partnership for services that are determined without regard to the net income of the Partnership, such as health insurance premiums.
"Net Distribution" is the amount of a Partner's or Self-employed person's draws from net income from businesses with activities in the City that must be reported for the Payroll Expense Tax.
"Taxable Distributions" are limited by the sum of draws or net income for that Partner or Self-employed person, whichever is less.
A "Partner" is an individual owner or member in a Partnership who will owe tax based on Taxable Distributions, not on Passive Income.
A "Partnership" is defined as an unincorporated entity, joint venture, business trust, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, syndicate, or any other unincorporated association with two or more owners that is taxed as a pass-through entity.
"Passive Income" includes income from interest (not from working capital), dividends, capital gains (except for traders), ground rents, certain royalties, retirement income earned after retirement, and real estate rental income where substantial services are not provided to tenants.
"Payroll Expense" is the total Compensation paid to all individuals who perform work or render services in whole or in part in Pittsburgh, including salaries, wages, net distributions, commissions, bonuses, stock options, and other compensation.
A "Self-Employed" person is an individual who earns Compensation from one or more separate Businesses within the City, other than as an Employee or Partner, including single-member owners of disregarded entities.
The current rate of Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax is fifty-five hundredths of a percent (.55% or .0055) of Payroll Expense.
The Payroll Tax must be paid quarterly.
For employees who work partly within and partly outside Pittsburgh, Payroll Tax is apportioned using the percentage of total working hours employed within Pittsburgh compared to total working hours employed both within and outside Pittsburgh.
Partners and Self-Employed individuals apportion Payroll Tax by reporting on Taxable Distributions associated with sales or services rendered within Pittsburgh, using an apportionment formula if determining the exact amounts is impractical.
The first quarterly Payroll Tax return is due May 31, covering the Payroll Expense during January, February, and March of the current year.
The second quarterly Payroll Tax return is due August 31, covering the Payroll Expense during April, May, and June of the current year.
The third quarterly Payroll Tax return is due November 30, covering the Payroll Expense during July, August, and September of the current year.
The fourth quarterly Payroll Tax return is due February 28 of the succeeding year, covering the Payroll Expense during October, November, and December of the current year.
Businesses that discontinue operations must file their Payroll Tax return within 10 days after discontinuing business or ceasing operation.
The interest rate charged on unpaid Payroll Tax is six percent (6%) per annum.
The penalty for unpaid Payroll Tax is one percent (1%) of the amount of unpaid tax for each month or fraction thereof during which the tax remains unpaid.
Taxpayers must keep records related to the Payroll Tax for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
The time limitation for deficiency assessments when a return has been filed is three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed.
When a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit for tax collection must be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
When there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more, and not due to fraud, a tax collection suit must be filed within six (6) years.
No, there is no time limitation for tax collection suits when no return was filed.
No, there is no time limitation for tax collection suits when a fraudulent return was filed.
A taxpayer has thirty (30) calendar days to respond to audit notices.
Good faith is not a valid defense to the imposition of tax penalties according to Pittsburgh tax regulations.
Penalty and interest become part of the tax once they are due and owing, and shall be collected as such.
Yes, the Treasurer may enter into an installment payment plan with a taxpayer for tax deficiencies if such a plan is in the best interests of the City.
The Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing from the Treasurer or downloaded from the City's website.
A taxpayer has thirty (30) days from the date of notice of the Treasurer's decision to appeal to the Court of Common Pleas.
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax is a tax imposed upon the privilege of conducting or operating a service or service institution in the City of Pittsburgh, as measured by gross receipts derived from service transactions.
The rate of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is six mills (6/10 of 1% or $6.00 per $1,000) on each dollar of annual receipts.
Yes, the tax rate for proprietors of restaurants and other places where food, drink, and refreshments are served is limited to two mills (2/10 of 1% or $2.00 per $1,000) on each dollar of annual receipts.
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax was enacted under the authority of the Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.101.
Exempt Institutions include federal government instrumentalities, government entities, elementary and secondary schools, institutions of purely public charity, insurance companies, regulated utilities, voluntary employee beneficiary associations, qualified pension plans, regulated financial institutions, and certain tax-exempt organizations.
No, insurance companies regulated by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department are exempt from the Institution and Service Privilege Tax.
Yes, utilities regulated by the Pennsylvania Utility Commission are exempt from the Institution and Service Privilege Tax.
Gross Receipts include cash, credits, property received from any Institution for services rendered in the City, payments from insurance or third-party payers, payments for services to affiliates, and payments from government programs like Medicare and Medicaid.
No, membership fees, dues, and assessments that fall equally upon all members are excluded from Gross Receipts, but individual charges for services to members are subject to tax.
No, donations and receipts associated with religious services received by religious organizations are excluded from Gross Receipts.
Persons include foundations, partnerships, corporations, charitable trusts, limited liability companies, and unincorporated associations operating under a non-profit charter, particularly those exempt under various subsections of 26 U.S.C. § 501(c).
No, natural persons are not subject to the Institution and Service Privilege Tax as they are specifically excluded from the definition of "Person."
A Service is defined as carrying on or exercising within Pittsburgh any medical, educational, beneficial, social, recreational, vocational or other type of service for which a charge is made, as a non-profit entity, but does not include the sale or rental of personal property.
Taxable Institutions include any person, organization, foundation, corporation, or unincorporated association operating under a non-profit charter, such as hospitals, nursing homes, colleges, universities, non-elementary/secondary schools, cemeteries, veterans organizations, recreational centers, and fundraising organizations.
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax return is due on April 15th of every year.
The tax year for the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is the twelve-month period from January 1 to December 31.
If the taxpayer is a corporation or unincorporated entity, a Director, President, Trustee, or Officer may sign the tax return.
For taxpayers not in service during the whole preceding calendar year, the tax is computed on gross receipts for the portion of the year they were in business.
For taxpayers commencing service during the current tax year, they must file a return within forty days from the date of commencing service, computing tax based on the first month's receipts.
For temporary, seasonal, or itinerant service providers, they must file a return within seven days from completion of the service, reporting actual gross volume of service during the tax period.
Temporary or seasonal service providers must file their tax returns within seven days from the day they complete their service.
A duplicate of any Form 990-T filed with the Internal Revenue Service for the period should be attached to the tax return to assist in review of Taxable Gross Receipts.
No, receipts from sales made or services rendered to government bodies, including authorities, are not excluded from the tax base, though Exempt Receipts and receipts of Exempt Institutions are excluded.
Receipts from services associated with interstate commerce are apportioned to Pittsburgh by multiplying total receipts earned everywhere by the City Apportionment percentage.
The City Apportionment percentage is the sum of the Payroll Percentage factor, Property Percentage factor, and Sales Percentage factor, divided by three (or fewer if some factors are zero).
The three factors used to calculate the City Apportionment percentage are the Payroll Percentage factor, Property Percentage factor, and Sales Percentage factor.
The Payroll Percentage factor is calculated as payroll reported subject to City local earned income tax divided by total payroll reported on Federal Form 940.
The Property Percentage factor is calculated as the sum of tangible property located in the City divided by the sum of tangible property located everywhere in the United States, determined as of December 31.
The Sales Percentage factor is calculated as gross receipts from Services provided in the City or offered from a City location divided by gross receipts everywhere.
A taxpayer is engaged in interstate commerce if it is subject to tax in another jurisdiction outside Pennsylvania on its net income or gross receipts.
The time limitation for filing suit to recover tax due when a return has been filed but no tax paid is three years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
The time limitation for filing suit to recover tax in the case of a deficiency assessment is three years after the assessment has been made.
No, there is no time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when no return was filed.
No, there is no time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when the return is fraudulent.
The time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more (and not due to fraud) is six years.
The penalty rate for non-payment of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is one-half of one percent (0.5%) per month or fraction of a month.
The interest rate for non-payment of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is one percent (1%) per month or fraction of a month.
The fine for willfully making a false statement on a tax return is not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or imprisonment for not more than thirty days.
The fine for willfully failing to appear before the Treasurer with books and records is not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or imprisonment for not more than thirty days.
The fine for willfully failing to file a required tax return is not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or imprisonment for not more than thirty days.
No, tax remedies provided by the City of Pittsburgh are not mutually exclusive, and utilizing one remedy does not preclude the use of others.
When a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing within the specified time period, they waive the right to contest any element of the assessment, which is construed as an admission to the propriety of the assessment.
The time limit for requesting a refund after payment of the tax is three years of the due date for filing the report or one year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.
The time limit for requesting a refund for amounts paid as a result of a notice of underpayment is one year from the date of payment.
The Treasurer has five years to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact.
The Treasurer can obtain additional information, audit taxpayer records, enter into settlements, obtain liens on property, implement wage attachments, levy and seize property, enter into installment payment plans, impose interest and penalties, and seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances.
A taxpayer who disagrees with a tax assessment can request a Treasurer's Hearing within ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment by submitting a written petition for reassessment.
A taxpayer who ceases operations during a tax year can receive a refund by making a proper application to the Treasurer to obtain a prorated refund of the tax paid based on the period of time they were not in service during the tax year.
The refund for a business that discontinues service during a tax year is calculated by multiplying its gross receipts for the preceding full calendar year by a fraction whose numerator is the number of months the business was in service during the tax year and whose denominator is 12.
The severability clause ensures that if any provision of the tax regulations is found to be illegal or unconstitutional by a court, the other provisions remain in full force and effect, preserving the remainder of the tax structure.
The Local Services Tax (LST) is a tax on individuals for the privilege of engaging in an occupation, levied on the person's primary place of employment.
The Local Services Tax funds can be used for: (1) Police, Fire, and/or Emergency services; (2) road construction and/or maintenance; or (3) reduction of property taxes.
The annual amount of the Local Services Tax in Pittsburgh is $52.
The Local Services Tax is prorated by dividing the annual tax ($52) by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year (for example, $52/26 pay periods equals $2 per pay).
Employers are responsible for collecting the Local Services Tax from all employees engaged in an occupation within the City, unless the employee files an exemption certificate.
Employers are required to remit the Local Services Tax to the City within thirty (30) days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year.
The income threshold for exemption from the Local Services Tax is less than $12,000 in earned income and net profits from all sources within the City for the calendar year.
When filing for a low-income exemption, an employee must attach a copy of all last pay stubs or W-2 forms from employment within the City for the year prior to the calendar year for which the exemption is sought.
Veterans who are blind, paraplegic, double or quadruple amputees, or have a 100% permanent service-connected disability as a result of military service and who were honorably discharged are exempt from the Local Services Tax.
Members of a reserve component of the armed forces who are called to active duty at any time during the taxable year are exempt from the Local Services Tax.
If an employee who filed an exemption certificate later exceeds the $12,000 income threshold, the employer must withhold a "catch-up" lump sum equal to the amount of tax that was not withheld, plus the regular withholding for remaining pay periods.
If an employee has multiple jobs, they should provide their principal employer with an exemption certificate and provide other employers with a pay stub from their principal employer along with a statement that it is from their principal employment.
The municipality where a person is principally employed has priority to collect the LST. If this cannot be determined, then the municipality where the taxpayer resides and works has priority, followed by the municipality that is nearest in miles to the taxpayer's home.
Employers must provide a summary with the fourth quarter LST payment listing the employer's name, address, Federal ID number, and for each employee: name, Social Security number, wages, address, and amount of LST withheld and paid to Pittsburgh for the calendar year.
The penalty for employers who fail to remit the LST by the due date is 5% for every month or fraction thereof that the tax remains unpaid, with a maximum penalty of 50%.
The interest rate charged on unpaid LST is 12% per annum on the amount of tax unpaid for each month or fraction of a month.
If an employer fails to withhold the LST, both the employer and employee remain liable for the tax. The employer is personally liable for payment of the tax they failed to withhold or transmit, plus interest and penalties.
Employers must keep LST records, including exemption certificates, for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
The time limitation for suits to recover unpaid taxes where a return was filed but no tax paid is three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
The time limitation for suits in the case of a deficiency assessment is three (3) years after the assessment has been made.
No, there is no time limitation for tax collection suits when no return was filed.
No, there is no time limitation for tax collection suits when a fraudulent return was filed.
The time limitation for tax collection suits when there is a tax liability understatement of 25% or more (not due to fraud) is six (6) years.
The maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the LST is 50% of the tax due.
The interest rate charged for non-payment of the LST is 12% per annum on the amount of tax.
No, good faith is not a valid defense for the imposition of tax penalties.
The maximum fine for a person adjudged in violation of applicable provisions of the Pittsburgh Code regarding the LST is five hundred dollars ($500) and costs for each offense, with possible imprisonment of not more than fifty (50) days for non-payment.
"Compensation" for LST purposes includes any salaries, wages, commissions, tips, bonuses, fees, including net profits from a business for individuals, partnerships, and any other unincorporated taxpayers.
"Occupation" is defined as any livelihood, job, trade, profession, business, or enterprise of any kind for which compensation is received, and a person may have more than one occupation.
Yes, for purposes of the LST, sole proprietors and partners in unincorporated associations are deemed to be employees.
The filing deadline for the first quarter LST return is April 30 (covering January 1 through March 31).
The filing deadline for the second quarter LST return is July 31 (covering April 1 through June 30).
The filing deadline for the third quarter LST return is October 31 (covering July 1 through September 30).
The filing deadline for the fourth quarter LST return is January 31 (covering October 1 through December 31).
On an employee's pay stub, the employer must list how much LST was withheld and list the municipality it was paid to (using "PGH" for Pittsburgh).
Employers should not deduct the LST from employees who present official receipts evidencing prior payment of the tax but must maintain adequate records concerning these employees.
An employer must "restart" withholding the LST if instructed by the City, if notified by the employee that they are no longer eligible for exemption, or if the employer pays the employee $12,000 or more for the calendar year.
To "restart" withholding, the employer should withhold a "catch-up" lump sum equal to the amount of tax not withheld due to the exemption, plus the same amount per payroll period that is withheld from other employees.
Self-employed persons working in Pittsburgh are subject to the $52 LST, which should be prorated and paid quarterly.
Self-employed taxpayers or those who didn't have the tax withheld should file an LS-3 form and pay the $52 tax directly to the Treasurer, prorated and paid quarterly within 30 days after the end of each quarter.
A taxpayer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents, unless an extension of time is granted.
Yes, information gained from tax declarations, returns, and investigations is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
If an audit reveals incorrect tax reporting, the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the tax, with deficiency assessments including taxes for three years prior to the assessment date.
The deficiency assessment period for a taxpayer who filed a return in good faith is three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed.
If a court finds a provision of the tax regulations to be unconstitutional, the severability provisions ensure that only the specific unconstitutional provision is invalidated while all other provisions remain in full force and effect.
The current rate of the Parking Tax in Pittsburgh is thirty-seven and one-half (37.5) percent for all transactions occurring on or after January 1, 2009.
The Municipal Pension Plan Funding Standard and Recovery Act, 53 P.S. § 895.902(a), establishes the ceiling or maximum rate for Pittsburgh's Parking Tax.
"Consideration" means the payment or compensation of any nature received by the operator from or on behalf of the patron, upon an express or implied contract or under a lease or otherwise, whether or not separately stated, for each transaction involving the parking or storing of a vehicle. It does not include the tax imposed and collected under Chapter 253.
A "Non-residential Parking Place" is any place within the City, whether wholly or partially enclosed or open, at which vehicles are parked or stored for any period of time in return for a consideration.
Excluded from the definition of "Non-residential Parking Place" are public streets, parking areas provided to residents for use in connection with occupancy of a dwelling unit, and parking areas operated exclusively by owners or lessees of hotels, apartment hotels, tourist courts, or trailer parks for their guests or tenants with no consideration charged.
An "Operator" is any person conducting the operation of a parking place or receiving consideration for parking or storage of vehicles, including governmental bodies, non-profit corporations, or agents of these entities, as well as those leasing land where vehicles are parked and consideration is received.
A "Patron" is any person entering into a transaction to park or store a motor vehicle at a non-residential parking place for any period of time for consideration, excluding any transaction involving Exempt Valet Parking Services.
Exempt Valet Parking Services are those where a valet takes temporary custody of vehicles for patrons of a single business establishment, parks them in a facility owned or leased exclusively by that establishment, and charges less than prevailing parking rates. Taxable Valet Parking Services are those that don't meet these exemption criteria.
For valet parking services to be considered "Exempt," they must: serve patrons of a single business establishment, use a parking facility owned or leased exclusively by that establishment, be open only during the establishment's operating hours exclusively for its patrons, and charge less than the prevailing parking rate for comparable public lots in the area.
Operators who begin a non-residential parking place must file with the Treasurer a completed registration form before commencing operation, providing their name, address, business location, identity of the property owner, records of tickets, leases, and contracts to be used.
An annual license from the Superintendent of the Bureau of Building Inspection is required for each individual parking place in accordance with Title Two, Article VII, Section 253.03 of the Code.
No, parking licenses are not transferable between operators nor can they be transferred from one parking place to another.
The Parking Tax is calculated at the rate of 37.5% of the consideration paid for each parking transaction.
The simplified calculation method presumes that gross collections include both total consideration and collected parking tax, with the applicable tax rate being 27.273% times gross collections.
When a surcharge is imposed, the total payment is calculated as: (Base Fee + Surcharge) + Tax Rate(Base Fee + Surcharge) = Total Payment. The parking tax is applied to the sum of the base parking fee and the surcharge.
Operators are responsible for collecting the Parking Tax from patrons and paying it to the Treasurer as set forth in Chapter 253 of the Pittsburgh Code.
All taxes collected by operators constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the City, enforceable against the operator and anyone receiving part of the fund without consideration or with knowledge that the operator is committing a breach of trust.
An operator who fails to collect the tax from a patron is personally liable for the tax upon the full consideration received from the patron.
Operators must file returns by the fifteenth day of each month for the preceding month, showing consideration received and tax due and collected for each parking place.
Yes, operators with more than one parking place must file a separate return for each individual parking place.
Returns must include total consideration received for each category of parking (hourly, daily, evening, event, weekly, monthly, lease, prepaid), beginning and ending ticket numbers and serial numbers for leases, and the amount of tax due.
Operators must report missing or unaccounted-for tickets on a form prescribed by the Treasurer and pay a fee equal to the maximum daily rate for each missing ticket by the fifteenth day of the subsequent month.
Adjustments must include a full, detailed explanation showing the adjusted amounts, reason for adjustment, category of parking, period when collections were originally reported, and clear indication of any tax collected and refunded to the patron. An amended return may be required.
Parking Tax returns must be filed with the Treasurer, City Department of Finance, 414 Grant St Rm 206, Pittsburgh PA 15219.
For individual operators, they must personally sign the return; for partnerships or associations, one general partner or member must sign; for corporations, an officer authorized to file tax returns must sign.
A return that doesn't comply with all requirements will be considered a non-compliance violation and deemed incomplete.
Parking Tax payments must be made by the fifteenth day of each month for the preceding month's transactions.
No, acceptance of the return and/or negotiation of payment doesn't constitute final acceptance of accuracy or completeness. The Treasurer reserves the right to make corrections, request additional information, or treat any filing or payment as a partial disposition of liability.
Operators must maintain complete and accurate records of all transactions, showing consideration received and tax collected, including license information, vehicle capacity, rates, ticket records, lease records, meter records, exemptions, and facility drawings.
Every vehicle in a parking place must display evidence of the parking transaction, such as tickets, lease permits, or meter receipts, except in certain specified circumstances.
Manually issued tickets must be numbered, dated, and issued in serial number sequence. Separate sets of tickets must be used for different locations and for flat rate parking. Written authorization is required to change numerical sequences.
For mechanically issued tickets where rates are time-based, tickets must show date and time of entry, be issued in serial number sequence, include a portion retained by the operator, have synchronized ejectors, and use counting devices that register every vehicle without exception.
Parking facilities using meters activated by coins or tokens need not display evidence of transactions on vehicles but must keep clear detailed logs and records of all money collected from each meter.
For free employee parking, operators must maintain a list of each employee's name, job title, and license plate number if no consideration is received.
An operator may be required to install revenue control equipment if they have consistently underreported gross revenues and tax to the Treasurer, as a condition for licensing.
Underreporting may include failure to report gross revenue, number of cars parked, maximum capacity, number of tickets issued, ticket numbers, failure to issue tickets or tags, misreporting hours of operation, or misreporting duration of parking instances or leases.
Type A equipment has entrance and exit gate arms, synchronized ticket dispenser, fee computer with printer and indicator, and counters. Type B equipment counts vehicles entering and leaving the parking facility and includes a count module and computer.
Rate signs must show the operator's name, lot address, operator's license number, and a schedule of rates including hourly, daily, Sunday, holiday, event, special, weekly, monthly, and yearly lease rates corresponding to the operator's license application.
Format A lists the category and total charge to the patron with tax included. Format B lists the category, parking fee, parking tax, and total charge to the patron.
Operators must preserve all books, records, daily record sheets, and ticket stubs for a period of five (5) years subsequent to the year of the transaction.
The Treasurer can collect taxes, verify information, observe parking spaces, reexamine returns, examine records, compel record production, prescribe forms, issue citations, and institute penalties for violations of regulations.
If records are not available in Pittsburgh, the operator must either produce them in a Pittsburgh location or pay for the Treasurer's travel expenses to examine the records where they are regularly kept.
Yes, information gained from tax declarations, returns, investigations, hearings, or verifications is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except by proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
Deficiency assessments for operators who have filed returns can include records for up to five (5) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed.
Where no return was filed, there is no limit to the period of assessment.
The penalty rate for late payment of the Parking Tax is five percent (5%) per month of the amount of unpaid tax.
The maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the Parking Tax is fifty percent (50%) of the tax due.
The interest rate charged on delinquent Parking Tax balances is one percent (1%) per month or fraction thereof until full payment of the tax principal is made.
No, the remedies for violations of Parking Tax regulations are not mutually exclusive. Utilizing one remedy does not preclude the use of others.
If a provision is found illegal or unconstitutional by a court, the severability clause ensures that other provisions remain in full force and effect, preserving the remainder of the regulations as if the illegal provisions had not been included.
Good faith is not a valid defense for the imposition of penalties for Parking Tax violations. A person's belief that no tax is due and owing, or the failure to receive or obtain required forms is also not a valid defense.
The maximum fine for an operator who negligently or willfully makes a false statement on a Parking Tax return is one thousand dollars ($1,000) for the first occurrence, two thousand dollars ($2,000) for the second occurrence, and three thousand dollars ($3,000) for every occurrence thereafter, and/or imprisonment of not more than one year.
Violations of Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations include failing to file a return, failing to pay the tax when due, refusing to permit examination of books and records, making incomplete or fraudulent returns, and divulging confidential information.
There is no time limitation for filing suit to recover unpaid Parking Tax when the return is fraudulent.
If a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing within the specified time period, they waive the right to contest any element of the assessment, and their failure to challenge the Treasurer's adjudication will be construed as an admission to the propriety of the assessment.
A written petition for reassessment of Parking Tax must include the taxpayer's name, address, daytime telephone number, account and/or social security number, a copy of the assessment notice, a detailed explanation of reasons for disagreement with supporting documentation, and the taxpayer's signature.
A request for a Parking Tax refund must be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.
When claiming a refund for Parking Tax overpayment that was refunded to patrons, the operator must provide proof that the patron received the refund and that the refund amount was properly due and calculated.
The severability clause in Pittsburgh's tax regulations is designed to ensure that if any provision is found to be illegal or unconstitutional by a court, the other provisions will remain in full force and effect, as if the illegal provisions had not been included.
The Sports Facility Usage Fee is a fee imposed on nonresidents who use a publicly funded facility in Pittsburgh to engage in an athletic event or otherwise render a performance for which they receive remuneration.
The rate of the Sports Facility Usage Fee in Pittsburgh is three (3) percent of earned income.
The Sports Facility Usage Fee applies to nonresidents (individuals domiciled outside the City of Pittsburgh) who use a publicly funded facility to engage in athletic events or render performances for which they receive remuneration.
Publicly Funded Facilities include PPG Paints Arena (1001-1035 5th Ave), David Lawrence Convention Center (1000 Fort Duquesne Blvd), Heinz Field (100 Art Rooney Dr), PNC Park (115 Federal St), Peterson Event Center (3719 Terrace St), and Stage AE (400 N Shore Dr).
For members of professional athletic teams other than football, earned income is allocated by multiplying total compensation by a fraction where the numerator is total games played in Pittsburgh and the denominator is total games played (including exhibition, preseason, regular season, and post-season games).
For members of professional football teams, earned income is allocated by multiplying total compensation by a fraction where the numerator is total duty days in Pittsburgh and the denominator is total duty days (including preseason and regular season practice sessions, games, and post-season games and practice sessions).
For non-player personnel, earned income is allocated based on working days per year by dividing the total number of working days within Pittsburgh by the total number of working days in the year to arrive at the working days apportionment fraction.
For entertainers, earned income is allocated based on the earned income attributable for the performance in the city's Publicly Funded Facility.
Qualified Managing Entities or Nonresident Contracting Parties who employ or enter into contracts with individuals who earn compensation from services performed within the City that require the use of a Publicly Funded Facility are required to withhold and remit the Sports Facility Usage Fee.
Publicly Funded Facilities must provide the Finance Department with all relevant contracts and/or contract information in a manner acceptable to the Finance Department, and certify correctness thereof, within thirty (30) days of finalization of the contract.
Qualified Managing Entities not registered with the City must register with the Treasurer within sixty (60) days of first becoming a Qualified Managing Entity, providing their name, address, and other required information.
Nonresident Contracting Parties not registered with the City must register with the Treasurer within sixty (60) days of entering into an agreement with a Publicly Funded Facility, providing their name, address, and other required information.
Qualified Managing Entities must file returns and pay the Usage Fee to the Treasurer on or before April 30, July 31, October 31 of the current year, and January 31 of the succeeding year, covering the preceding three-month periods.
Nonresident Contracting Parties must file returns and pay the Usage Fee to the Treasurer on or before April 30, July 31, October 31 of the current year, and January 31 of the succeeding year, covering the preceding three-month periods.
No, the Usage Fee should not be reported in the local tax box on W-2 forms because it is a fee, not a tax.
Individuals liable for the Sports Facility Usage Fee are exempt from any income tax imposed by a City of the second class and any tax imposed under Section 652.1 of the "Public School Code of 1949."
Usage Fee returns must include the names of Employees, Contracting Parties, and/or subcontracting parties and their respective home addresses, city residency, phone numbers, social security numbers, nature of relationship, nature of work performed, dates of work performed, and locations of work performed.
The penalty rate for non-payment of the Sports Facility Usage Fee is one (1) percent per month on the amount of the fee that goes unpaid.
The maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the Usage Fee is fifteen (15) percent in the aggregate.
The fine for a Qualified Managing Entity that willfully fails to collect or truthfully account for the Usage Fee is a maximum of $25,000 and/or imprisonment not exceeding two (6) months.
The fine for negligently or willfully refusing to file a Usage Fee return is not more than one thousand dollars ($1,000) and/or imprisonment of not more than six months.
The fine for negligently or willfully making a false statement on a Usage Fee return is not more than two thousand dollars ($2,000) and/or imprisonment of not more than six months.
The fine for negligently or willfully failing to remit the entire amount of the Usage Fee is not more than two thousand dollars ($2,000) and/or imprisonment of not more than six months.
Those found guilty of Usage Fee violations may be denied future use of the Publicly Funded Facility.
The time limitation for suits for collection of Usage Fees when a return has been filed but no fee paid is three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
Carnegie Mellon University is a private, global research university located in Pittsburgh that stands among the world's most renowned educational institutions.
CMU-linked startups have raised more than $7 billion in follow-on funding over the past 10 years.
Companies like Uber, Aurora, Waymo, and Motional have a presence in Pittsburgh because of their strong ties to Carnegie Mellon University, which has contributed to Pittsburgh's growing autonomous vehicles cluster.
Beyond Pittsburgh, CMU has locations in Silicon Valley, Qatar, Africa, and Washington, D.C., among others.
The Smiley :-) emoticon was created by Carnegie Mellon research professor Scott Fahlman on September 19, 1982, marking the beginning of emoticons in email and the precursor to emojis.
Andy Warhol was the Carnegie Mellon alumnus known as an iconic figure in the pop art movement.
Andy Warhol's work was influential in hand drawing, painting, printmaking, photography, silk screening, sculpture, film, music, and computer-generated art. He is considered one of the most influential artists of the 20th century.
Entities subject to the Usage Fee regulations must keep records that enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the Usage Fee.
Usage Fee records must be preserved for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
If records to support Usage Fee returns are not available in the City, the entity must either produce them in a City location or pay for the Treasurer's expenses to travel to where the records are regularly kept.
Yes, information gained from Usage Fee declarations, returns, and investigations is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be divulged except in accordance with a proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
The time limit for deficiency notices for the Usage Fee when a return has been filed is up to three (3) years prior to the date when the notice is issued.
There is no time limit for deficiency notices for the Usage Fee when no return has been filed.
If contract participants are denied future use of Publicly Funded Facilities, they would lose access to major venues for sporting events, concerts, and other performances in Pittsburgh, potentially impacting their ability to earn income in the city.
For sporting events, the Usage Fee is calculated based on earned income from services performed, using apportionment formulas for different types of participants (players, non-players). For non-sporting events, the fee is based on earned income paid to nonresidents for performances at Publicly Funded Facilities.
A Qualified Managing Entity is required to register with the Treasurer within sixty (60) days of first becoming a Qualified Managing Entity.
A Carnegie Mellon professor established a partnership with the Girl Scouts to create the first Girl Scout badge for negotiation, teaching girls why and how negotiation can be useful beyond selling cookies.
The Girl Scout badge related to negotiation is named "Win-Win: How to Get What You Want."
Linda Babcock is the Carnegie Mellon professor who worked with the Girl Scouts on negotiation skills.
Linda Babcock co-authored two books on negotiation: "Women Don't Ask" and "Ask for it: How Women Can Use the Power of Negotiation to Get What They Really Want."
Carnegie Mellon established the nation's first Robotics Institute in 1979.
William "Red" Whittaker is a professor and alumnus of Carnegie Mellon who founded the discipline of Field Robotics and led the Tartan Racing Team to victory in the Urban Challenge robotic autonomous vehicles race.
The Tartan Racing Team, led by William "Red" Whittaker, won the $2 million Urban Challenge robotic autonomous vehicles race.
The City Controller is responsible for auditing all City expenditures to prevent wasteful or fraudulent practices, reviewing and approving contracts, and reporting to citizens, the Mayor, and City Council on the City's fiscal condition through the Annual Comprehensive Financial Report.
City Council proposes, deliberates, and votes on legislation governing the City, approves appointments, regulates revenues and expenditures, and approves the final Operating and Capital Budgets.
The City Council as a Body provides Council with centralized staff support under the direction of the City Clerk, serves as a centralized document and information resource, and includes a Budget Division that monitors City finances and conducts independent analyses of City operations.
The balanced budget mandate in Pittsburgh requires that the annual Operating Budget be balanced, with estimated revenues equal to or greater than estimated expenditures, as mandated by the City's Home Rule Charter.
The fiscal year for the City of Pittsburgh begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year.
The major types of funds in Pittsburgh's financial reporting system are governmental funds (including the General Fund, Capital Projects Fund, Community Development Funds, and Special Revenue Funds) and fiduciary funds.
The General Fund is the main operating fund used to sustain most of the City's day-to-day activities, including public safety, public works, parks, planning, and general administration.
The Capital Projects Fund is used to fund construction and/or maintenance of any public property, facility, or program that is expected to provide a long-term benefit to the City, such as buildings, park facilities, infrastructure, and information technology systems.
Community Development Funds are primarily funded by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and are earmarked for projects relating to housing, economic development, and human services needs in neighborhoods with a high concentration of low- to moderate-income households.
Special Revenue Funds are funds in which a substantial portion of the proceeds or inflows are restricted or committed for a specific purpose. Examples include the Liquid Fuels Fund, the Pittsburgh Partnership Fund, and the Grants Fund.
Fiduciary Funds are used to account for resources held for the benefit of parties outside the government, such as pension plans and agency funds for employee benefits, payroll withholding, escheats, and tax refunds.
The City's chart of accounts is organized hierarchically, starting with the fund, followed by the cost center (City division), subclass (expenditure category), object account (expenditure category detail), and fiscal year.
The fund code 11101 represents the General Fund in Pittsburgh's budget.
The major expenditure subclasses in Pittsburgh's budget include Personnel - Salaries and Wages (51), Personnel - Employment Benefits (52), Professional and Technical Services (53), Property Services (54), and Transfers - Out (91).
Real estate taxes are the largest source of tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh.
The City real estate tax rate as of 2023 is 8.06 mills.
The Earned Income Tax rate for Pittsburgh residents is 3 percent, with 1 percent going to the City and 2 percent going to the School District.
The Payroll Preparation Tax rate is 0.55 percent and is levied on the gross payroll of employers and the distribution of net income from self-employed individuals, members of partnerships, associations, joint ventures, or other entities who perform work or provide services within the City of Pittsburgh. Nonprofit and charitable organizations are excluded.
The actual tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2022 was $537,692,183.
The percentage of total City revenue that came from tax sources in 2022 was 76.5 percent.
In 2019, Pittsburgh voters approved a referendum to add 0.50 mills to the real estate tax to collect funds for the improvement of the City's parks.
Examples of non-tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh include building construction permits, liquor and malt beverage licenses, interest earnings on investments, intergovernmental funding (grants, aid, and reimbursements), fees for safety inspections, copying City documents, rents from City properties, and use or sale of rights of way.
The percentage of total City revenue that came from non-tax sources in 2022 was 23.5 percent.
Major expenditures included in the Personnel - Employment Benefits subclass include health insurance costs, pension payments, workers' compensation claims, and other post-employment benefits (OPEB) for City employees.
Accounts included under the Workers' Compensation category include Medical - Workers' Compensation (52301), Indemnity - Workers' Compensation (52305), Legal - Workers' Compensation (52309), Workers' Compensation Settlement (52314), and Workers' Compensation Fees (52315).
Accounts included under the Pension and OPEB category include Pension Contribution (52401), Retiree Contribution (52404), Widow(er) Contribution (52407), Survivor Contribution (52410), Additional Pension Fund (52413), Early Retirement Healthcare (52416), Retired Police Officer (52419), Retired Firefighters (52422), Retirement Severance (52605), and OPEB Contribution (52901).
Debt service is defined as payments made to the principal and interest balances of previously issued municipal bonds in order to ensure their timely retirement, and is categorized under the Department of Finance with accounts such as Interest Expense - Bonds (82101).
The budget development cycle begins in late spring, when the Office of Management and Budget forwards a memorandum detailing the budget preparation process and expectations to all City divisions.
After the Mayor releases the preliminary budget at the end of September, OMB hosts public meetings to gather feedback. If fiscal conditions allow for changes, revisions are made before the Mayor formally submits the budget to City Council in November.
The deadline for City Council to adopt the budget is December 31st.
If a budget is not approved before December 31st, the City cannot pay any vendors, cannot undertake any projects, and cannot (subject to collective bargaining agreements) pay any employees.
The last time Pittsburgh's budget was not approved before December 31st was 1931.
The purpose of the five-year financial forecast is to evaluate the fiscal health of the City over a longer period of time, identify future trends related to revenues and/or expenditures, aid in planning for long-term strategies, formulate departmental and citywide initiatives, and develop new policies that might result in a financial impact.
Information sources used to develop revenue forecasts for Pittsburgh include previous years' financial data, IHS Markit forecasts of regional economic variables, and data from federal government agencies such as the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of Labor Statistics, as well as organizations such as Fannie Mae, the National Association of Realtors, and RealSTATs.
The Office of Management and Budget develops expenditure projections for the five-year forecast by first entering all known future year expenditures into its budget management software, then developing forecasts that consider past year expenditure data and future growth, strategies, and initiatives, and finally evaluating requests from City division Directors that align with the Mayor's strategic initiatives.
The total budgeted amount for the City of Pittsburgh's General Fund for 2024 is $684,677,414.
The City Controller, City Treasurer, and Director of OMB are authorized to transfer Twenty-Two Million dollars ($22,000,000) from the general fund to a PAYGO fund for use in the 2024 Capital Budget.
The vacancy allowance in departmental budgets adjusts the subclass expenditures to account for savings associated with vacant positions throughout the year.
In the Personnel - Salaries & Wages subclass, Regular salary represents the total base pay for the organization, Longevity pay is awarded to employees in certain collective bargaining agreements based on seniority and tenure, and Premium Pay appropriations compensate for overtime hours.
William "Red" Whittaker developed unmanned vehicles to clean up the Three Mile Island nuclear accident site.
The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 is a federal law that allocated $350 billion to eligible state, local, territorial, and Tribal governments to respond to the COVID-19 emergency. The City of Pittsburgh received an allocation totaling $335,070,222 from the Coronavirus State and Local Fiscal Recovery Fund (CSLFRF).
The four statutory categories for using American Rescue Plan funds are: 1) To respond to the COVID-19 public health emergency or its negative economic impacts; 2) To provide premium pay to eligible workers; 3) For the provision of government services, to the extent of the reduction in revenue due to COVID-19; and 4) To make necessary investments in water, sewer, or broadband infrastructure.
American Rescue Plan funds must be obligated by December 31, 2024, and fully spent by December 31, 2026.
$160,269
$38,500
$38,500
$38,500
-19.1%
$30,632
Director, Deputy Director, Fiscal & Contracting Coordinator, and Administrative Assistant positions
$525,548
$670,314
($144,766)
5.05
$81,074
To administer employment and training services designed to help City of Pittsburgh residents become attached or reattached to the labor force
Grants from the United States Department of Labor and the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services, as well as targeted City Community Development and Block Grant funds
$5,840,835
$3,278,594
$1,150,000
20
Assistant Director, Pittsburgh Partnership at $107,490
To account for fees paid when off-duty police officers are hired for special events, including officers' overtime pay and cost recovery fees
$1,119,263
Monies from Police Details, Secondary Employment, Special Events cost recovery, and administrative charges for police services on a premium pay basis
$9,196,000
$8,456,820
1
To support services and programs that prevent violence and criminal activities, and to support community health and safety programs
$654,570
In 2022, an amount equivalent to 6% of the Bureau of Police's budget was transferred into the fund
6%
$10,815,782
$11,094,249
$5,843,553
52
Assistant Director - Community Health & Safety and Assistant Director - Community Affairs, both at $107,490
To serve as a vehicle for large special events run by Parks & Recreation
$337,176
Sponsorships, donations, registration fees, farmers markets, and Great Race
$175,000
$293,015
1.15
Improvement, maintenance, creation and operation of public parks; improving park safety; providing equitable funding for underserved neighborhoods; securing matching funds from charitable parks conservancies
0.50 mill property tax increase approved by voters on November 5, 2019
$1,558,434
$10,068,713
$10,042,479
54
Department of Public Works and Department of Parks and Recreation
To serve as a depository for revenues from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on taxation of liquid fuels and agreements for plowing/salting state roads
Liquid Fuels Tax proceeds from the state tax on gasoline sales in Pennsylvania and reimbursements for plowing/salting state roads
$11,487,776
$8,200,351
$6,692,500
$12,995,627
To hold revenue received from the Allegheny County Regional Asset District for the city's regional parks
Monies granted from the Allegheny County Regional Asset District
$1,132,104
$6,082,120
$5,669,703
73
Parks Maintenance Manager at $405,369
To facilitate the creation and use of intergovernmental cooperative agreements
Revenue derived from the execution of cooperation agreements and subsequent reimbursement
$2,987,292
$1,000,000
$935,000
For the deposit of revenue from outdoor advertising on bus shelters and contributions for expenditures involving street trees
The contract for advertising on the City's bus shelters
$889,177
$100,000
$227,687
1
To create and maintain the City-wide system of "Wayfinder Signs"
$310,765
To provide support to the City's solid waste and recycling services
$14,164
$185,000
To oversee year-round daily admissions, various fee-based programs, and special activities for the Schenley Skating Rink
$715,971
Rink fees, concession revenue, and room rentals
$160,000
$157,000
$718,971
To fund expenses relating to the six Regional Parks: Frick Park, Hays Woods Park, Highland Park, Emerald View Park, Riverview Park, and Schenley Park
$921,503
$2,249,550
$2,238,078
13.6
RAD Program Manager at $81,074
To pay for tennis instructors, payroll expenses, maintenance to the Bubble, and administrative and operational costs for Mellon Park, Citiparks' indoor tennis program, and other indoor tennis facilities
$1,501,542
$228,135
$449,667
3.95
Operation of the largest Senior Community Center program in the region
Pennsylvania Department of Welfare grant funds, CDBG funds, program fees, and meeting room rentals
$1,168,620
$1,511,850
$2,247,319
27.5
To provide free meals to the City's children at numerous sites throughout the City
Grant from the United States Department of Agriculture and administered by the Department of Education
$105,223
10 days
Home renovations, gardening, and the latest innovations in home technology
More than 1,500
The St. Patrick's Day Parade
A week of new ideas brought to light
A soul food culinary experience
Not specified in the text
Theater, comedy, visual arts, puppetry, music, opera, spoken word and more
Venues throughout the city
22 hours
A gigantic warehouse
500+ participants
Yes
More than 40,000
Marathon, Half Marathon, Marathon Relay, 5K, Kids Marathon, Toddler Trot and Pet Walk
May 4, 2025
Best Music Fest by Pittsburgh City Paper
Hundreds of bands
Yes, it's free
Live performances, scavenger hunts, brick building, STEM activities and more
Most activities are free of charge
11 days
Film Pittsburgh
Jewish-themed independent cinema
Pittsburgh Pride
Performances by local, national, and international artists
400+ artists and musicians
10 days
Yes, it's free
Comics and their creators
2016
All Cities and Boroughs in Allegheny County
Three days
Yes
What you don't know about Pittsburgh's Downtown
Sacred places, government offices, theaters, artists spaces and more
It's one of the largest anthropomorphics conventions in the world
Fursuit Parade and Block Party
Point State Park
4 to 10 pm
A race event set against Pittsburgh's North Shore
MOVE Mile, Heroes' Mile, and Aspire Mile
It's the nation's largest vintage street race and the only one staged on public roads
It has tight turns, elevation changes and natural obstacles
Stone walls, curbs, manhole covers and telephone poles
Three days
Sharing great music
Pittsburgh's Northside
Yes, it's free
Japanese pop culture convention
David L. Lawrence Convention Center
Guest meet-n-greets, cosplay competitions, games, J-rock concerts, pachinko and more
A massive array of dill-ectable products and foods
Dozens of live music performances
Pickle Juice Drinking Contest
Night in the Tropics
A tropical celebration
Mouth-watering bites from more than a dozen local restaurants
Second best beer festival in the nation
It's the nation's first Black beer festival
The country's most talented Black brewers
To benefit and offer help to neighbors in need
Downtown Pittsburgh
Banana Split
Since 2013
Live music, goat yoga, kids activities, Yellow Tie Gala, pie-eating contest, 5k banana run
Four days
Bloomfield
Yes, it's free
Medieval/Renaissance period
Twice a year (Summer and Winter)
2019
More than 100 vendors
Pittsburgh's rich history of food service pioneers and entrepreneurs
Films through the lens of individuals living with disabilities
Artwork and special guests
Film Pittsburgh
Three days
Five stages
A special event with food vendors and live entertainment
25+ food vendors
Historic Strip District
More than 140 
1977
Former Pittsburgh Mayor Richard S. Caliguiri
It's the largest 10K race in Pennsylvania
A 5K run/walk, a running clinic, the Junior Great Race, Great Race Expo
It's the sixth oldest LGBTQ+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in Pittsburgh
Not specifically stated, but it's described as "annual"
Approximately 20
Millions of festive lights
To establish and maintain a refuse and recycling system that promotes a safe, litter-free and environmentally friendly City
Collection services for trash, recycling, and yard debris
To separate recyclables from municipal waste
412-255-2621
Yes, if you do not require a response
Through the online Facility Rental website
dpwfields&parkshelters@pittsburghpa.gov
Not specifically listed in the text, just mentioned generally
OneStopPGH
176 parks
Nearly 3,800 acres
Regional parks, community parks, and neighborhood parks
307 Fourth Avenue – Floor 2, Pittsburgh, PA 15222
Clean & Outreach Teams
Connecting individuals on the streets with local social service outreach programs, organizations, and helpful resources
Clean up litter, answer questions, and work to beautify the neighborhood
2025
412-566-4190
Email Us
K&L Gates Center
Ensemble on Fifth
$7.48 billion
March 15, 2025
Redd Up Week
$160 million
31,000
130,000
Small Business Spotlight program
$2,000 per month
12 months
Having a potential location identified and being in active lease negotiations
PDP's Senior Director of Economic Development
Up to 50%
Multi-year lease
For free here (via the website)
A diversity of thought
A dedication and love for CMU
October 2024
Donald Trump
Kamala Harris
January 20, 2025
Thursday, March 13 at 5:00 PM
Zoom
833 1176 5328
847867
Volunteer Commitment Agreement
Duquesne MBA students
David L. Lawrence Convention Center
RE/MAX Select Realty
Early access from 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. each day
10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
$4.5 billion
State of Downtown Pittsburgh Snapshot Reports
It is no longer published
From September 2015 to July 2017
A valid CMU ID
After 5 p.m. each day and during the weekends
Two
@alumni.cmu.edu email address
G-Suite
All messages with unlimited storage
It will cease to function
December 15, 2021
Up to 20%
Spring Carnival
Spring Carnival
Booth, Buggy, MOBOT, Scotch'n'Soda performances
July 11, 2025
Truist Park in Atlanta, Georgia
Truist Park & The Battery Atlanta
July 14, 2025
Truist Park
July 15, 2025
Mastercard
Bristol Motor Speedway
August 2, 2025
Seattle Mariners and New York Mets
Historic Bowman Field in Williamsport, Pennsylvania
August 17, 2025
New York Life
March 18-19, 2025
Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan
Tokyo Series presented by Guggenheim
Estadio Mobil Super
March 24-25, 2025
Mexico
David Bednar
UCL reconstruction surgery on his right elbow
Andrew McCutchen
Fractured left ankle
Vince Velasquez
Season-ending surgery to repair a torn right anterior cruciate ligament
Lower back inflammation
Spencer Horwitz
6-8 weeks
Right lat muscle injury
Dr. Keith Meister
Omar Alfonzo
Chase Shugart
Brett de Geus
Brett de Geus
Miguel Perez
17 seasons
Manager at Triple-A Indianapolis
Boston Red Sox
Joe Vogatsky
65 appearances (56 starts) at second base, three appearances (one start) at first base
Tokyo Dome
Allegheny Health Network (AHN)
The Home Plate Club
One hour
The progressiveness of Pittsburgh while saluting the spirit of early ballpark originals
Spring 2001
38,000
Tristan Jarry
"I would give it to you back if I could"
Sunday in Minnesota
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League
"I love that sh*t. He was awesome tonight."
Mike Sullivan used the word "spectacular" to describe Jarry's play
Sullivan says Jarry's handles are "simple and efficient"
Karlsson said Jarry "hasn't changed one bit" and "believes in himself"
Kyle Dubas
Assets, flexibility, and cap space
No team has more draft picks or selections in the first three rounds over the next three NHL Drafts than Pittsburgh
What's in the best interest of the team
Being sellers at the trade deadline
Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Kris Letang, Erik Karlsson, Bryan Rust, and Rickard Rakell
To give them one or two more chances to win while they're still on their current contracts
To uphold standards and be at their best every single day
A massive amount of opportunities for guys on short-term deals or with aspirations to remain in the league
Being sellers at the trade deadline
"He is a big part of our program" and "a big part of what we do"
"There was interest, teams kicking tires, but in the end, we got through the deadline and he remains a member of our team"
Summer of 2023
"The skating continues to be some of the best in the league"
Citizens Live at the Wylie
4,000 people
February 20, 2025
Saturday, March 29 from 11:00 AM to 2:00 PM
No Bag Policy
Guaranteed Gate Giveaways, Customized Alternate Jersey, or 2% "Pens" Cash Back
March 28
A mobile ticket must be displayed on a smartphone
Credit and debit cards as well as Apple/Google Pay are accepted
Highmark Lobby, F.N.B. Club, Captain Morgan Club, Sections 106, 119, 206 and 234
Fan-favorite gate giveaways and theme nights, as well as community + specialty games
The first 7,500 fans in attendance
Tuesday, March 18, 2025
Columbus Blue Jackets
Pride Night
New Jersey Devils
Tuesday, April 8, 2025
pittsburghpenguins.com
Steelers History
Chicago Bears (in 1997, a preseason game)
Newry
Dan Rooney
May 23, 2023
Week 11 against the Cleveland Browns, on Sunday, Nov. 19, 2023
82,300
No expiration date
During a stoppage of play
Le Mardi Gras
The spiritual powers of light and vast darkness, and the history of computers and cars
Rob Brezsny
Lower Hill District
98,500 square-foot
St. Patrick's Day
The breathtaking incompetence of the Trump administration
El Podcast Inmaculado
Baltimore Ravens
Russell Wilson
Nine victories
Patrick Mahomes
Fifteen wins
Four votes
Lynn Cullen
Arthur J. Rooney, Sr.
1933
Art Rooney II
Dan Rooney
Art Rooney II is Dan Rooney's son
Being sellers at the trade deadline
Defenseman
Linebacker
Le Mardi Gras
Charlie Batch
1999
Homestead, PA
Over 12 programs
Eight Western Pennsylvania counties
The Jerome Bettis Bus Stops Here Foundation
1997
To provide opportunities for inner-city youth to succeed and become productive individuals
Sickle Cell Disease (SCD)
III and Long Foundation
Jon Kolb
Offensive lineman
Aurelius
Vance McDonald
Tight end
2016
To support continued research and education regarding brain injuries and treatment of sports-related concussions
Willie Parker
To provide assistance, tools and inspiration to underprivileged children
Severe autism
Jasmine Nyree Campus
Spinal cord injury (SCI)
Ryan Shazier Fund for Spinal Rehabilitation
To give those with SCI and their caregivers the support, resources and funding they need to live independent and meaningful lives
"Walking Miracle"
Donnie Shell and his wife Paulette
To fill in the financial gap for students attending his alma mater, South Carolina State University
1980
More than $550,000
Erik Karlsson
"I love that sh*t. He was awesome tonight."
"simple and efficient"
Karlsson said Jarry "hasn't changed one bit" and "believes in himself"
Kyle Dubas
Assets, flexibility, and cap space
No team has more draft picks or selections in the first three rounds over the next three NHL Drafts than Pittsburgh
Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Kris Letang, Erik Karlsson, Bryan Rust, and Rickard Rakell
162 yards
17-10 in favor of the Ravens
Minkah Fitzpatrick
Russell Wilson was pressured, threw a bad pass and Marlon Humphrey completed a pick six
3
December 25 (Christmas Day)
Acrisure Stadium
29-10 in favor of the Chiefs
Not finding fluidity, not converting important plays, and not scoring enough
10 points, which was their lowest scoring output since Week 13 of the 2023 season against Arizona
Cameron Heyward
Queen, Herbig, Benton and Smith
10-7
Saturday, January 11 at 7 p.m. Central Mexico time
Croke Park
The Rooney family has relatives from Newry, County Down
Daniel M. Rooney, father of Art Rooney
Ireland Funds
1997
Chicago Bears
"We have talked about our desire to play a game in Mexico many times in recent years and that has not changed. We would love to play a game in front of our fans in Mexico soon and will work with the NFL to help make that happen."
It is the home of the GAA and hosts the Irish finals of Gaelic football and hurling
Third round
Baltimore Ravens
144
Linebacker
"I've always just been the guy that's very aggressive, I don't shy away from contact. I feed off of contact. If somebody gets me, I'm going to have to get you back."
12 tackles against the Los Angeles Chargers
Tackles
Ranked No. 1 against the run (80.1 yards per game) and No. 2 in sacks (54)
They led the league in scoring (16.5), sacks (60) and takeaways (31), the first unit in the NFL to lead all three categories in the same season
A fourth quarter 60-yard field goal attempt
Ohio State
205 tackles, 136 solo stops, 29 tackles for a loss, 10 sacks, 9 passes defensed, 3 fumble recoveries and 1 interception in 52 games
First-team All-Big Ten
Third-team All-American
Darius Slay
Detroit Lions
2017
Six times (2018, 2019, 2020, 2022, 2023, 2024)
"He is a coach I wanted to play for if I got a chance to"
28
161
Itawamba Community College
"I think physicality when I hear Steelers defense"
26 in 2017
8 in 2017
DK Metcalf
Their second round pick (52nd overall) and seventh round pick (223rd overall) in the 2025 NFL Draft
438
48
3
14.4 yards
15 (regular season) and 2 (postseason)
84 yards (against the New Orleans Saints)
1,303 receiving yards in 2020, breaking Steve Largent's previous record of 1,287 yards
His size (6-foot-4, 235 pounds)
4.33 seconds
Ole Miss
66 receptions for 992 yards and five touchdowns
This information is not provided in the text
Inside linebackers coach
Defensive backs coach
A statement on the passing of Craig Wolfley
She is mentioned in a statement regarding her passing
Cole Holcomb, Logan Lee, and Roman Wilson
299
21-0 in favor of the Ravens
"The factor X was the unique talent of Lamar (Jackson), every test he had in front of him he overcame"
29
George Pickens
"The way he led the team to come out in the second half was incredible"
"We never gave up, the mentality in the second half was different and that's why I'm very proud of all the guys in the locker room, they never stopped fighting."
Baltimore Ravens
68,400 (with a record of 70,622 for the 2022 Backyard Brawl between Pitt and West Virginia)
446
71 miles of trails and 42 miles of shoreline
More than 700
Christmas Tree Capital of the World
Great Allegheny Passage
150 miles
Ohio, Allegheny, and Monongahela
90
Duquesne Incline
For panoramic views of the city's skyline and rivers
USA Weekend magazine
The "T"
It's free to ride within the Golden Triangle
Light Up Night
November 22-December 24, 2024 (closed Thanksgiving)
A staple attraction in Downtown Pittsburgh during the holidays since 2001
Reel Q film festival
Picklesburgh
A must for ghouls and goblins of all ages
ScareHouse
Thousands
One of the winners of the "Best City for Sports" travel award
Six
68,400
38,362
The Pittsburgh Pierogi Race
70, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing
18,387
14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021
Iceburgh
5,000
NFL Draft
The Great American Banana Split Celebration
1904
David Strickler
Latrobe, Pennsylvania
2013
The Banana Split
Joe Gruble
2004
University of Pittsburgh
August 23-24, 2025
The Banana Split Princess and her court
A pageant to crown a representative for the festival
Girls 9-13
Westmoreland County
Crafts, handmade products, farmers market, food vendors, and local businesses
The 5k Banana Run
The 5k Banana Run
Relay For Life
The first 100 vehicles
$10 per vehicle ($1 additional for online registration)
Latrobe Art Center
Your best yellow outfit or attire
Two people per team (partners)
3 points
23 years old
A "soda jerk" at a drugstore
"Dr. Dave's"
An optical business upstairs
1971
90 years old
2013
Andrew Carnegie
1895
Four
Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum
His "monument"
The Carnegie International
1896
Carnegie Science Center
1994
39,000
1927
The Bulletin of the Carnegie Institute
A complete archive dating back to 1927
35,000
1.5 million
More than 249,000
The Andy Warhol Museum
About 500,000
Carnegie Connectors
Twenty-one to forty
Free admission with one free drink ticket
Diversity/Inclusion
Sustainability
To preserve and expand the resources of art and science as agents of personal growth and social advancement in Pittsburgh and beyond
The largest collection of architectural casts in the world
The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus
Four
Highmark SportsWorks
Dinosaurs in Their Time
Carnegie Nexus
2018
Free admission
90 miles
More than 300
25 miles
Reciprocal Organization of Associated Museums
Teen Membership
The Grable Foundation
10% discount
20% discount
Indiana Jones
Museum experiences officer
A bachelor's degree in archaeology
TITANIC: The Artifact Exhibition
The Science Behind Pixar
Donald Warhola
Andy Warhol's nephew
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts
58 years old
From Egypt to Pittsburgh
Bornean rainforest
Jennifer Sheridan
Section of mollusks
Tim Pearce
10 a.m.-8 p.m.
Tuesdays
$25
Café Carnegie
9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Fossil Fuels
117 Sandusky Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5890
Tuesdays
$13
5-10 p.m.
One block north of the museum on Sandusky Street
The Warhol Café
One Allegheny Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15212
Daily 10 a.m.–5 p.m. (Closed Tuesdays)
Tuesdays
Home Steelers games and other major events at Acrisure Stadium
$6 per vehicle
The River View Café
The Search for Snow
The Pango App
Springhill Suites Pittsburgh of Latrobe
Falling Water
Idlewild & SoakZone Amusement Park
DeNunzio's at the Airport
Madama Butterfly
1939
Virginia C. Byerly, Carolyn Hunt Mahaffey, Priscilla W. Collins, Ruby N. Wickersham, and Marie M. Pease
The Benedum Center
Bitz Opera Factory
Christopher Hahn
Antony Walker
2008
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Operations and Maintenance Silver Certification
Madama Butterfly
$14 for students and adults
Woman With Eyes Closed
Jennifer Higdon
A real-life art heist
Three different possible endings
The Resident Artist Program
Heinz Hall
Richard Karp
1983
Opera in Red
Monterey Bay Fish Grotto
Audio Commentary service
6 years old
2 years old
It's about Pinkerton putting on a VR headset and transporting into a virtual reality where he seduces and abandons Cio-Cio San
An all Japanese and Japanese American creative team
Virtual Reality (VR)
Karah Son
One hour before each performance
LiveNote®
English texts projected above the stage
$15
That opera is only for the wealthy/elite
1 hour 15 minutes before the performance starts
20% off tickets to all Pittsburgh Opera productions
Not specifically stated, but appears to be 4-8 based on listings
A program that brings materials about opera to schools in large colorful steamer trunks
The Charity Randall Foundation, The Grable Foundation, First National Bank, Dr. Albert Lin and Karen Jeng Lin, and Wallis Katz
Opera Connections
Four-Star Rating (their highest possible rating)
To provide teachers with arts integration materials and professional learning opportunities
Pittsburgh Opera's first conductor who led the company for nearly 40 years
An initiative started under Mark Weinstein that led to the appointment of Christopher Hahn and John Mauceri
1983
Supertitles (projected English translations)
Diamond Horseshoe Celebration
Verismo, Virtual Reality, and Fiction in Opera
Audio Commentary
A year-long professional learning experience for educators to immerse themselves in opera and develop lessons connecting arts to other academic areas
To recognize opera lovers who have deepened their commitment to Pittsburgh Opera through legacy gifts
B.F. Pinkerton
The multipurpose room on the second floor
Threads of Destiny
Unlimited admission to every performance of all operas for one year, subject to availability
Five
March 1940
The Tales of Hoffmann
A volunteer team
Flexable
$5 a month
Tosca
To enrich Pittsburgh and the tri-state area and draw national and international attention to the region
Operations and Maintenance Silver Certification
Real-time visual and audio content during performances
Instant Encore
A national service organization dedicated to supporting and promoting the opera industry
New Dishes for the New Year
Five days before each performance
The best available seats, excluding Zone A
Latecomers will be taken to the best available seat that does not disturb other patrons until intermission
Forever
Six
Booking Protect
7% of the pre-tax order total
Curlew River
Cash, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express
At least 30 days prior to the event
Not specified in the document
$500 for one month trunk residency with a presentation by teaching artists
The Workshop for Educators
Madama Butterfly Trunks, Opera Improv Trunks, Carmen Trunks, Bravi Tutti Trunks, Tot Trunks
Ticket buyers can add $60 of Uber Vouchers to their ticket purchase at no extra cost
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube (mentioned in Marketing & Communications internship description)
In historic Point State Park in Downtown Pittsburgh
The oldest site of human habitation in North America, located in Avella, Washington County, Pa.
La Bohème
It follows four impoverished artists in 1830's Paris, focusing on the love story between Rodolfo, a poet, and Mimì, a young seamstress
Falstaff
1953 to 1957 in Washington, D.C. during the McCarthy era
Meadowcroft Rockshelter
A discount program for university students, faculty, and staff at partner colleges and universities
Starting 2 hours before every performance, students with valid school ID can purchase up to two tickets for any available seats for half price
Cincinnati Opera, Detroit Opera, and Utah Opera
Antony Walker
Sign language interpretation can usually be arranged upon request
General Director of Pittsburgh Opera who became Artistic Director in 2000 and General Director in 2008
A series of informational programs about the operas
Two hours before curtain time through intermission
A program on WQED-FM (89.3) that previews Pittsburgh Opera productions
$4.50 per ticket
Cheap Seats program with partner universities
Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
March 1 through May 25, 2025
She overlays enlargements of woodcut plates with black silkscreen cutout figures in solid black silhouette
15 large-scale prints
The two-volume anthology published in 1866, "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War"
It features contributions of guest labelists from the Pittsburgh community
$15 for general admission
Yes, there are discounted rates for seniors, military, students, and youth
Gilded, Not Golden
Leadership in History Award
American Association for State and Local History
75 minutes
Most appropriate for ages 9 and up
The Grable Visitor Center
8:00 AM - Dusk daily (closed on major holidays)
The Frick Art Museum, Clayton, and the Car and Carriage Museum
Historic carriages and early automobiles showing America's transition from carriage to car
KEA (an acclaimed artist celebrated for her soulful voice)
Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
Exhibition admission, a glass of wine (21+), and after-performance meet-and-greet with musicians
Gary Kalinoski on guitar and Kai Ballard on percussion
Jazz, soul, and poetry influences from her singer/guitarist father and violinist mother
"iLove You"
It starred KEA and her children Au-hneyah and Alyssa, solidifying the intimate single-parent family portrait
"Not My Friend"
Smokey Robinson's "Being with You"
KEA dug into the darker psychological impact of the words compared to Robinson's breezy approach
Kai Ballard
L.L. Cool J, Earth Wind & Fire, Snoop Doggy Dogg, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, and Paul McCartney
Saturday Night Live in 1994
1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. on Saturdays
Saturdays
Free
Clayton, the Frick family home
Helen Clay Frick
Guided tours of the Kara Walker exhibition
A lecture examining untold stories and reclaimed histories through her most recent book
Guest labelists share insights behind the Kara Walker works that inspired their labels
The Café at the Frick
Casual dining with a picturesque view of Pittsburgh's best backyard
A renovation and partial reconstruction of one that served the Frick family from 1897 through the 1970s
10 acres
Objects previously owned by financier and collector J.P. Morgan and a collection of miniature porcelains
Reckoning: Place and Imagination
A visual elegy to George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Elijah McClain, and other lives lost at the hands of police
Dr. Arbitman
The Madonna and Child, Enthroned; Crucifixion, circa 1420-1422
This special installation showcases Henry Clay Frick's broad Chinese porcelains collection from Clayton and Eagle Rock
From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print
Promoting connection, inclusion, and compassion through community artmaking and conversation
The sounds of Frick past through soundscapes created by students
From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print
May 6, 2023 - February 4, 2024
Social conscience and action
Both the nostalgic rural North Carolina of his childhood and the vibrant urban life of places like Pittsburgh and Harlem
Tuesday through Sunday
10:15 a.m. through 3:00 p.m.
Free admission to The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, and 10% discount at the Museum Store
Fellow level ($125) and above
More than 800 museums
North American Reciprocal Museums (NARM), Reciprocal Organizations of Associated Museums (ROAM), and Art Museum Reciprocal Network (AMRN)
The Members Hotline
7227 Reynolds Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15208
Approximately 20 minutes east of downtown Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Regional Transit buses
67, 69, and 71C
The entrance is located on Reynolds Street
Free parking in the museum's lot
An Italianate-style home
1882
To influence the future of the Frick and help maintain it as a cultural institution of the highest caliber
The Rubens Society
Portrait of Charlotte-Marguerite de Montmorency, Princess of Condé (ca. 1610)
The Helen Clay Frick Society
$1,000 or more
Hands-on learning programs that address academic standards and use art, history, and nature
Teacher workshops that offer Act 48 activity hours with classroom-ready suggestions
Art, History, Nature summer camp with art making and explorations throughout the Frick's museums
A unique and carefully curated selection of gifts reflecting the distinctive character of the Frick
In the Grable Visitor Center
Donating appreciated stocks or mutual funds to the Frick
It offers significant tax benefits without affecting cash flow and can offset anticipated capital gains tax
By remembering the Frick in their will or estate plans
The Frick has partnered with FreeWill for community members to create an estate plan for free
11 people
At least six weeks in advance
$20 per person
Maximum group size of 20 for Car and Carriage Museum tours
Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick
Duquesne University's Mary Pappert School of Music
Wednesday, April 2, 2025
Kristin Garbarino
The Old Allegheny County Jail, as seen in the film "Mrs. Soffel," completed in 1886
Former curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum who went on to become director of other museums
It is one of Frank Lloyd Wright's most iconic homes and can be visited as a daytrip from Pittsburgh
It houses the largest collection of Christian relics outside of the Vatican
Seven covered bridges
Jimmy Stewart (The Jimmy Stewart Museum)
White water rafting, camping, rock climbing, and outdoor adventures
It is a National Historic Landmark and the oldest documented human settlement in North America
The festival features authentic Irish food, music, and crafts in September
The Heinz History Center is an educational institution that preserves and presents the American experience with a Western Pennsylvania connection, serving as Pittsburgh's people museum and the Smithsonian's home in Pittsburgh.
The Heinz History Center is open daily from 10 AM to 5 PM.
The Heinz History Center is located in Pittsburgh's historic Strip District.
The museums that are part of the Heinz History Center family include the Heinz History Center, Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, Fort Pitt Museum, and Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village.
The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum is a two-floor museum located inside the History Center that tells the stories of Pittsburgh's sports history and champions.
The Fort Pitt Museum is a two-floor, 12,000-square-foot museum located in Point State Park that tells the story of Western Pennsylvania's pivotal role during the French & Indian War, the American Revolution, and as the birthplace of Pittsburgh.
Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village is a National Historic Landmark in Avella, Washington County, Pa., featuring a massive rock overhang used by prehistoric people and a series of interpretive villages showing rural life over 500 years.
The Meadowcroft Rockshelter is 19,000 years old and is the oldest site of human habitation in North America.
Visitors can see hundreds of artifacts and more than 70 interactive exhibits covering all regional sports from boxing to baseball, from sandlots to professional leagues in the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum.
Visitors can discover the pivotal role of the Pittsburgh region in the French & Indian War, American Revolution, and Early Republic through interactive exhibitions, life-like figures, and 18th-century artifacts.
America 101 is an initiative by the History Center that aims to empower citizens to know and act on the promise of the country's founders, enabling people to write the next chapter of democracy through educational programs and civic engagement.
Annual fundraising events for the History Center include the History Makers Award Dinner, History Uncorked, Bocce Tournament & Festival, and Celebrity Golf Tournament.
The History Makers Award Dinner is a tradition that celebrates exceptional individuals with connections to Western Pennsylvania whose accomplishments transcend geographic bounds.
History Uncorked is an annual 21+ party that supports the History Center's award-winning exhibitions, events, educational programs, and more, described as "Pittsburgh's party for young professionals."
The Bocce Tournament & Festival is an event that supports the History Center's Italian American Program where participants can "throw out the pallino and throw down for a worthy cause."
The Bocce Tournament supports the History Center's Italian American Program.
Visitors can sustain the legacy of the History Center by purchasing a lasting gift inside the History Center, such as time capsules, personalized floor tiles, rocking chairs, and commemorative sports items.
Yes, employers can match gifts to the History Center. Donors can double or triple their gifts if they or their spouse work for an organization that matches charitable contributions.
The History Center earned the coveted 4-star rating from Charity Navigator for sound fiscal management and commitment to accountability and transparency.
Planned giving options for the History Center include charitable trusts and bequests, which can provide tax benefits for donors and their benefactors.
The Detre Library & Archives is Western Pennsylvania's preeminent source for researching the region's rich history, preserving historic artifacts and archival materials.
The Detre Library & Archives was founded in 1879.
The Library & Archives preserves books, manuscripts, photographs, maps, atlases, newspapers, films, recordings, and digital materials documenting life in Western Pennsylvania.
The Detre Library & Archives is open Wednesday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
No, access to the Detre Library & Archives at the History Center is free for all visitors.
The Library & Archives offers digital resources including an online catalog, Historic Pittsburgh digital archive, Jewish Encyclopedia of Western Pennsylvania, finding aids, digital collection highlights, and Google Arts & Culture collections.
Historic Pittsburgh is a digital resource comprising primary and secondary sources about the greater Pittsburgh region, including publications, maps, manuscripts, visual images, and audio-video materials that support personal and scholarly research.
The Jewish Encyclopedia of Western Pennsylvania is a descriptive online record of Jewish history in Western Pennsylvania providing basic information about hundreds of Jewish people, families, congregations, organizations, charities, businesses, and events dating back to 1755.
Western Pennsylvania History is the region's oldest continuously-published magazine, in circulation since 1918.
The History Center offers special programs for children including Discovery Place, the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, family-friendly exhibits and activities, and Fiddlesticks Family Concerts through the Pittsburgh Symphony.
The History Center provides educational opportunities including field trips, virtual school programs, programs for preschoolers, badge days for Scouts, continuing education for teachers, and an award-winning National History Day program.
The History Center offers scout programs including badge-earning activities at the History Center, tours and adventure programs at the Fort Pitt Museum, and programs about archaeology, American Indian cultural traditions, and camping opportunities at Meadowcroft.
The History Center offers multi-disciplinary museum field trips, guided and self-guided field trips at the Fort Pitt Museum, and hands-on educational programs at Meadowcroft that allow students to explore the history of life in the upper Ohio Valley.
The Making History blog features posts on Western Pennsylvania history, content from the Library & Archives, curator collection spotlights, and more.
The Food & Fitness program blends health and history to encourage visitors to learn more about wellness.
Women Forging the Way is an initiative focused on elevating women's history year-round, launched to commemorate the 100th anniversary of women gaining the right to vote in the U.S.
The GigaPan at Meadowcroft is a series of interactive images that allows anyone to explore the Meadowcroft Rockshelter archaeological site from any computer by clicking, dragging, scrolling to zoom, or clicking on tear-drop markers to access additional multimedia content.
The African American Program at the Heinz History Center is dedicated to the preservation, dissemination, and interpretation of the life, history, and culture of Africans and African Americans in Western Pennsylvania.
The document does not specify exactly when the African American Program was established.
The African American Advisory Council serves as a volunteer group of scholars, educators, artists, executives, entrepreneurs, journalists, politicians, and retirees that works with History Center staff as a liaison to the African American community and supports programming, promotes collection development, and assists in the facilitation of various projects.
The Italian American Program is dedicated to preserving and interpreting the history and culture of Italian Americans in Western Pennsylvania through exhibitions, educational programs, publications, and community outreach.
The Italian American Program was founded in 1990.
The Italian American Collection is one of the largest repositories of Italian American artifacts, photographs, oral histories, and archival materials in the United States, documenting the pivotal role Italian Americans play in shaping the region's political, economic, religious, and cultural landscapes.
The Italian American Bollettino is an e-communication that reports on what's happening with the History Center's Italian American Program, informing subscribers about upcoming events and highlights from the Italian American Collection.
The Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives was founded to collect, preserve, and make accessible the documentary history of Jews and Jewish communities of Western Pennsylvania.
The Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives was founded in 1988.
The Rauh Jewish Archives collects correspondence, diaries, memoirs, ledgers, minutes, scrapbooks, ephemera, audio tapes, photographs, and moving images documenting the lives of individuals and families and the histories of congregations, organizations, institutions, and businesses.
The History Center provides accessibility features including wheelchairs, sensory bags, assistive listening devices, sign language interpreters, and support staff admission.
Yes, service animals are welcome at the Heinz History Center, Fort Pitt Museum, and Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village.
Yes, a limited number of manual wheelchairs are available to visitors on a first come, first served basis located in the first floor coat room of the History Center.
The Museum Shop at the History Center offers Pittsburgh-themed gifts ranging from Heinz 57 to "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" merchandise, vintage sports items, and other one-of-a-kind items.
Yes, the Café at the History Center offers a wide array of grab-and-go items including fresh wraps, salads, sandwiches, and kid-friendly options from Common Plea Catering, open daily during museum hours.
The History Center actively seeks collections and archival materials related to the history of Western Pennsylvania and the experiences of its people, both past and present, with careful assessment by the Collections Committee.
Someone can donate materials to the History Center collection by filling out a Collection Donation Form providing information about the materials and their connection to Western Pennsylvania, which is then assessed by the Collections Committee.
The History Center assesses potential donations based on their historical or cultural significance to Western Pennsylvania, physical condition, whether the museum already owns similar items, and the ownership history of the items.
No, the History Center cannot appraise materials. Staff can provide a list of certified appraisers, but the donor is responsible for determining and documenting the value of a donation.
No, materials are not accepted on long-term loan, nor can agreements be made to return materials to heirs. Occasionally, short-term loans for specific exhibits are accepted.
The History Center does not sell or rent any donor information to third parties. Periodically they trade donor lists with other similar non-profit organizations, but donors may opt out of these trades.
Yes, the History Center collects information through voluntary online surveys to help better understand their audience, which in turn allows them to better meet visitor needs and interests.
The Heinz History Center does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors 18 years of age and under are required to obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to the website.
The History Center uses cookies to track usage patterns, trends and visitor behavior, as well as to record other information regarding visitors' use of the website. The information collected from cookies is only used in aggregate form.
The History Center's Social Media Policy aims to provide a public forum for respectful discussion and dialogue while ensuring their social media channels maintain appropriate content standards.
The History Center might remove posts containing profanity or obscenity, threatening language, defamatory statements, spam or promotional content, copyright violations, personal attacks, or discriminatory language based on race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, or disability.
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is one of America's most distinguished orchestras, based in Pittsburgh at Heinz Hall, serving as cultural ambassadors for the city through performances locally and worldwide.
Manfred Honeck is the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
Manfred Honeck has been the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra since 2008, currently in his 17th season (as of 2025).
Manfred Honeck is an Austrian conductor who completed his musical training at the University of Music in Vienna and has experience as a member of the viola section in the Vienna Philharmonic and Vienna State Opera Orchestra, which has influenced his work as a conductor.
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra has produced numerous recordings on the Reference Recordings label, featuring works by Beethoven, Brahms, Bruckner, Shostakovich, Strauss, Tchaikovsky and others, which have received many GRAMMY nominations and awards.
Moon Doh and Jacob Joyce are both listed as Associate Conductors of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
PSO Go is a discounted ticket program for students and PreK-12th grade teachers that provides alerts for discounted rush tickets to available BNY Classics, Disrupt, or PNC Pops performances.
Students can access discounted subscriptions, PSO Go program for rush tickets, and annual passes allowing access to multiple performances throughout the season.
The "Choose Your Own" package allows patrons to save 15% off single ticket prices when they choose 3 or more concerts from PNC Pops, Movies, or BNY Classics concerts.
Pittsburgh Symphony subscribers receive benefits including savings up to 28% on concerts, ticket exchange flexibility, priority seating, personal customer service, guaranteed parking options, pre-sale opportunities for special concerts, and invitations to exclusive events.
Pittsburgh Symphony subscribers receive discounts and special offers at downtown Pittsburgh Dining Partner venues by presenting their Perks Card at participating establishments.
The Ostinato Club is the Pittsburgh Symphony's monthly giving program.
Heinz Hall is located in downtown Pittsburgh in the Cultural District at 600 Penn Avenue.
Heinz Hall has implemented a "free-flow" scanning security system that allows patrons to walk through unimpeded without removing coats, bags, cell phones or keys, while still providing enhanced security.
Heinz Hall reserves the right to search any bags entering the facility. Oversized bags must fit comfortably under a seat, and those failing to meet requirements must be checked or returned to vehicles.
No, there is no official dress code for events at Heinz Hall. Many patrons wear business attire, but casual attire is also acceptable.
The Heinz Hall Box Office hours are Monday - Friday, 9 am - 6 PM, Saturday 12 pm - 4 pm.
The doors at Heinz Hall open one hour prior to classical concerts and one hour prior to all other performances.
Latecomers to Heinz Hall performances will be seated at suitable intervals during the program, at the discretion of the conductor.
Children aged six and over are welcome at all performances with a purchased ticket. The Latecomer's Gallery and lobby video monitors are available for restless children.
Beginning two hours prior to most BNY Mellon Grand Classics and PNC Pops performances, students and seniors (age 62+) may purchase discounted rush tickets, subject to availability and restricted to certain seating sections.
The Latecomer's Gallery is located behind the Main Floor at Heinz Hall and affords patrons who arrive after the beginning of a concert the opportunity to enjoy the performance until they can be seated.
Yes, Heinz Hall provides accessible seating and services for patrons with disabilities.
Yes, Heinz Hall is a non-smoking building with a No Smoking Policy.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival is an annual food festival celebrating tacos and supporting Pittsburgh's Latin-American community.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival was founded in 2016 by Craig McCloud.
The 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival is scheduled for September 14, 2024, from 12:30pm to 7:00pm.
The 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival is located at 2875 Railroad St, Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
No, pets are not allowed at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival. The website states: "We love dogs and pets as much as you do! However, since food is being bought/sold/consumed by many different people, we ask that you leave your four-footed loved ones at home."
Picklesburgh is a food festival celebrating all things pickled, featuring handcrafted food and artisan drinks with pickled ingredients from local chefs and restaurants, plus pickle-themed snacks, merchandise, contests, and entertainment.
Picklesburgh 2025 is scheduled for Friday, July 11 – Sunday, July 13, 2025, in Downtown Pittsburgh.
No, admission to Picklesburgh is free – no tickets are necessary.
Visitors to Picklesburgh can expect handcrafted food and artisan drinks featuring pickled ingredients from local chefs and restaurants, pickle-themed snacks and merchandise, contests, and entertainment.
Visitors must be 21+ to consume or purchase alcohol at Picklesburgh, and proper ID will be required.
Picklesburgh has been voted the Best Specialty Food Festival in the Country four times by the readers of USA Today.
The Frick Pittsburgh's founding date is not explicitly stated in the provided text.
The museums part of the Frick Pittsburgh include The Frick Art Museum, Clayton (the historic home), the Car and Carriage Museum, and possibly other educational facilities on the 10-acre campus.
Clayton at the Frick Pittsburgh is the historic home of the Frick family from 1882-1905, showing what life was like in 1892, a pivotal year for the nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family.
The Car and Carriage Museum at the Frick houses the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles dating back to the turn of the 20th century, showing the transition from horse-drawn carriages to early automobiles.
In 2025, the Frick Art Museum is exhibiting "Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)" from March 1 through May 25, 2025.
Kara Walker is an artist whose exhibition "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)" is being displayed at the Frick Art Museum.
The Frick Pittsburgh offers accessibility features including ADA compliant parking, wheelchair accessible buildings, wheelchairs for visitor use, accessible restrooms, power-assist doors, and accommodations for visitors with hearing impairments.
Yes, service animals are permitted in all public areas of the Frick Pittsburgh. However, comfort animals, therapy animals, companion animals, or emotional support animals are not allowed.
The Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program (EITC) is a Pennsylvania tax credit for businesses who make a donation to an approved nonprofit organization, including the Frick Art Pittsburgh.
Businesses making contributions to the Frick through EITC can receive tax credits equal to 75% of their contribution (up to $750,000 per year), or 90% if they agree to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years.
The Frick Pittsburgh's land acknowledgement recognizes that they occupy ancestral lands of the Haudenosaunee, Lenape, Osage, and Shawnee peoples, and acknowledges the cultural importance of land and the role of cultural institutions in collective memory formation, preservation and reconciliation.
COMBEE, according to the event at the Frick, is a book by Dr. Edda Fields-Black about Harriet Tubman, the Combahee River Raid and Black Freedom during the Civil War, exploring Tubman's role in the largest slave rebellion in US history that liberated 756 people.
Dr. Edda Fields-Black is a Professor in the Department of History and the Director of the Dietrich College Humanities Center at Carnegie Mellon University who has written a book about Harriet Tubman and the Combahee River Raid.
Restaurant dining partners with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra include Fl. 2 @ Fairmont Pittsburgh, Braddock's Rebellion, Vallozzi's, Sultan Doner Gyro, Space Bar, Redbeard's on Sixth, and Talia.
Fl.2 at Fairmont Pittsburgh is the Official Hotel of the PSO, offering a balance of vibrant and inviting elements designed to create the perfect dining experience with a menu paying homage to tradition using house-made and locally sourced items.
PSO subscribers receive a 15% discount on the food portion of their bill at Vallozzi's.
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs live scores for films including Star Wars, Pixar films, and Marvel movies as part of their film concert series.
PSO Disrupt is described as a new way to experience the symphony at Heinz Hall where attendees can "wear what you want, clap when you want" and have their senses ignited.
The Citizen You mobile app is designed to foster civic engagement by gamifying everyday civic actions, bringing together citizens of all ages to compete in challenges and earn points for civic-minded activities including attending local council meetings, helping neighbors, and voting.
Made By Us is a national coalition launched by the Senator John Heinz History Center and leading civic and history organizations that presents history in relevant, provocative and innovative ways to help address societal issues in real-time.
The Made By Us steering committee includes leaders from the Heinz History Center, Smithsonian's National Museum of American History, National Archives, Thomas Jefferson's Monticello, New-York Historical Society, Atlanta History Center, HistoryMiami, and Missouri Historical Society.
The America 101 initiative is the History Center's commitment to telling the American story and inspiring citizens to explore what it means to be American, empowering people to know and act on the promise of the country's founders through public programs, exhibitions, and educational curriculum.
National History Day at the History Center is a regional competition for students that is part of an award-winning program mentioned in the educational offerings.
During February and March 2025, kids aged 17 and under can visit the History Center and Fort Pitt Museum free of charge, thanks to UPMC and UPMC Health Plan.
Meadowcroft Rockshelter reopens in May 2025.
The Eastern Woodland Indian Village at Meadowcroft represents the 16th century (or approximately 400 years ago).
The Trails to Trains exhibit transports visitors through time, exploring the evolution of transportation in Southwestern Pennsylvania using five vehicles from the collection.
The Heinz History Center is located in Pittsburgh's historic Strip District.
The Heinz History Center has six floors of exhibits to explore.
The original set from "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" is on display at the History Center in the Special Collections Gallery.
The world's oldest jeep is on display at the History Center as one of its iconic artifacts.
The Heinz company is featured in a 150-year innovation exhibition at the History Center.
The History Center membership program offers exclusive member perks and unlimited admission to four dynamic museums: the Heinz History Center, Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village, and the Fort Pitt Museum.
The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum features football, hockey, baseball (including Pirates history), basketball, and various other regional sports.
The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum has more than 70 interactive activities that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in the region.
The Homestead Grays and the Pittsburgh Crawfords are highlighted in the Negro League baseball section.
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra has won 22 Grammy awards according to the mention of Vince Gill being a "twenty-two-time GRAMMY winner."
Byron Stripling is the Principal Pops conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
Byron Stripling plays the trumpet, as he is described as a "trumpet virtuoso."
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra has toured to venues including Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center in New York, as well as major venues of Europe and leading festivals such as the BBC Proms, Salzburg Festival, Musikfest Berlin, Lucerne Festival, Rheingau Music Festival, Beethovenfest Bonn, and Grafenegg Festival.
Yes, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra offers programs for children including Fiddlesticks Family Concerts, which are Saturday morning concerts designed especially for families with children ages 3-8.
Side-by-Side with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is an immersive experience for high school musicians to rehearse and perform side-by-side with their PSO counterparts, including a full concert experience on the Heinz Hall stage.
Fairmont Pittsburgh is the official hotel of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
Elite Coach Transportation is the official transportation service for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
The Movies series features iconic films on the big screen with original scores performed live by the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, including Star Wars, Pixar movies, and Marvel films.
Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra recordings can be purchased at the online store mentioned in the FAQ section.
The Frick Societies program consists of members who serve as champions of arts and culture with philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick's diverse collections.
Donors can provide planned giving to the Frick through appreciated stock, matching gifts from employers, qualified charitable distributions from Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs), and other gift planning opportunities.
The Frick offers educational programs for families including Family Fun Days, Second Saturday Studios, and various educational activities throughout their museums.
Second Saturday Studios is a family-friendly arts program at the Frick that encourages children and their families to make art together, exploring different and unusual materials or finding fresh new ways to use familiar paper, paint and pencils.
Family Fun Day at the Frick offers a variety of activities for families to enjoy, such as lawn games, collaborative projects and take-home artwork with various themes.
The History Center is a proud affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution, serving as the Smithsonian's home in Pittsburgh. History Center members also become members of the Smithsonian Institution, receiving Smithsonian magazine and members-only discounts.
According to the document, Donald Trump won the 2024 US Presidential Election, defeating Kamala Harris, and was inaugurated on January 20, 2025.
The History Center has more than 50,000 artifacts in its collection.
The mission of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is not explicitly stated in the provided text.
The vision statement of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is "Great Music In Every Life."
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival vendors are responsible for their own payment methods. If a vendor is Cash Only, they will be required to have visible signage stating so.
Children ages 5+ require a ticket at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival. The specific cost is not mentioned.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival might include vegetarian/vegan food options, as mentioned in the FAQ that some vendors have strictly vegetarian/vegan menus and many others have vegetarian options.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival benefits the Pittsburgh Hispanic Development Corporation (PHDC) and Casa San Jose, which receive a generous percentage of the net proceeds.
Parking options for Picklesburgh include parking near the event or across town to avoid Festival traffic, with real-time parking availability information available for Downtown Pittsburgh.
School groups can schedule a field trip to the Fort Pitt Museum by making a reservation, which is required for all school-based visits to the museum. The document specifically states that a reservation is necessary for any school-based visits to the Fort Pitt Museum, though it doesn't provide the specific contact method (likely phone or email to their education department).
A Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra subscription includes several benefits: ticket packages for multiple concerts with savings up to 28%, ticket exchange flexibility when schedules change, priority seating over the general public, personalized customer service through a designated Patron Services Representative, guaranteed parking options ($13 per concert in the garage across from Heinz Hall), pre-sale opportunities for special concerts, and invitations to exclusive subscriber events where they can meet Music Director Manfred Honeck and PSO musicians.
The "free-flow" security system at Heinz Hall allows patrons to walk through security scanning equipment unimpeded without having to remove coats or bags, cell phones or keys. This system is designed to enhance both security and convenience, making the entry process smoother while maintaining safety. Patrons using wheelchairs or with strollers have alternative accommodations for entry.
Regarding recording devices at Heinz Hall performances, the policy is strict: unless otherwise specifically announced in the program and at the concert, the use of still, video and digital cameras or audio recording equipment is strictly prohibited at all times in the concert hall. Visitors are welcome to take photos and videos in the lobbies and garden area of Heinz Hall, but not during performances.
The significance of 19,000 years at Meadowcroft Rockshelter is truly remarkable in understanding the earliest human presence in North America. This archaeological site represents the oldest confirmed site of human habitation on the continent, providing an unprecedented window into the lives of the earliest people to inhabit this region.
Picklesburgh has been voted the Best Specialty Food Festival in the Country four times by the readers of USA Today.