Jan. 18–June 1

Gertrude Abercrombie, <em>Where or When (Things Past)</em>, (detail), 1948, Collection of the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art, Wisconsin, Gift of the Gertrude Abercrombie Trust

Jan. 18–June 1

Featuring loans from important institutional and private collections, this exhibition is the most comprehensive museum presentation of the works of Gertrude Abercrombie, a critical figure in the mid-20th-century Chicago art scene from the 1930s until her death in 1977.

Ongoing

Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, the University of Pittsburgh, 1Hood Media, and the August Wilson African American Cultural Center again joined together to host the second iteration of Envisioning a Just Pittsburgh, an inclusive call for art that encouraged artists throughout southwestern Pennsylvania to share their visions for a just and equitable Pittsburgh. We are proud to announce the First and Second Place winners in the competition’s six categories.

Through Summer 2025

Every Egyptian object in the museum’s care has stories to tell, about its creation and original use, its journey to Pittsburgh, and about the lives of those in ancient Egypt. The Stories We Keep invites visitors to see these objects—cared for by the Museum for more than a century—in a new light and to witness the work that will preserve them for future generations.

Through March 31

Women’s History Month is a time to celebrate the contributions, achievements, and resilience of women throughout history. Carnegie Museums join in highlighting the vital role women have played in shaping society, from science and arts to politics and activism. It’s an opportunity to honor trailblazers, amplify women’s voices, and inspire future generations.

Through Aug. 17

Step into an immersive journey designed to break stigma, build understanding, and spark important conversations. The Mental Health: Mind Matters traveling exhibition brings the science of mental health to life at the Science Center through immersive exhibits and personal stories.

Photo: Bryan Conley

The chemical reaction that produced Andy Warhol’s ‘Oxidation’ series means it continues to change, raising issues for how to conserve it for future generations.

A celebration of 125 years of Carnegie Museums through stories of 125 museum objects.

A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.

Carnegie Museum of Art’s Neighborhood Museum supports refugee families as they make their new home here.

Check out all the latest stories from Carnegie magazine and visit our archives.

Read More Articles

Get up-close with dinosaurs, discover secrets of DNA, and learn what it’s like to be a scientist in the field.

Get up-close with dinosaurs, discover secrets of DNA, and learn what it’s like to be a scientist in the field.

Some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.

Some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.

This beloved display features hundreds of wonderfully realistic scenes that bring the rich history of western Pennsylvania to life.

This beloved display features hundreds of wonderfully realistic scenes that bring the rich history of western Pennsylvania to life.

Groove to intimate, stripped-down studio sessions by Sound Series artists.

Groove to intimate, stripped-down studio sessions by Sound Series artists.

©2025 Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh

Support

