By Marylynne Pitz

The 58th Carnegie International explores the unvarnished histories of social movements.

By Justin Hopper

The 58th Carnegie International sets out to showcase not only the art but also the very individual perspectives of artists from across the globe.

By Elizabeth Hoover

The newly named curator of the Carnegie International finds inspiration in the uncomfortable complexities of life.

By Julie Hannon

Exploring art and ideas from five continents at the Carnegie International.

By Cristina Rouvalis

The 57th edition of the Carnegie International is front and center, thanks to two show-stopping works on the exterior of Carnegie Museums’ historic Oakland building.

By Julie Hannon

During the first 35 years of the Carnegie International, from 1896 to 1931, the museum tracked every submission to what was then an annual painting show. Exactly 10,632 artworks were rejected. Drawn to this “complete list of absence in the museum,” Pittsburgh-based artists Lenka Clayton and Jon Rubin, with the help of a small team, ... Continued

By Cristina Rouvalis

At age 8, Mel Bochner spent Saturday mornings boarding the trolley near his East End home, handing the conductor 8 cents and then traveling alone to Carnegie Museum of Art. It was 1949, and Bochner was headed to his weekly Tam O’Shanter art class. There he met creative kids from all over Allegheny County, and ... Continued

By Barbara Klein

Whether using canvas, ceramics, or textiles, today’s contemporary artists are rethinking what else a painting can be.

By Julie Hannon

Reflecting a world in transition, artists use their stage to wrestle with the past and confront contemporary issues of borders, boundaries, and labor.

By Julie Hannon

Nearly all of the artwork for this year’s Carnegie International is being created new for the exhibition—and, in turn, for Pittsburgh. Curator Ingrid Schaffner started her travel research in 2016, right after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, known as Brexit, and not long before Donald Trump was elected president. “International has ... Continued

©2025 Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh

Support

