>

>

Invest in our region’s most important cultural and educational institutions, reaching as many as 1.5 million people each year!

We invite you to take part in the Carnegie Museums Corporate Membership program. As a Corporate Member, you’ll be part of a network of business leaders investing in our community and engaging your employees through access to discounts and one-of-a-kind experiences.

Discover how our membership levels can help your business engage employees and highlight your company’s role in supporting culture and education through corporate citizenship:

Corporate Benefactors Society ($1,000-$2,499) Corporate Curators Society ($2,500-$4,999) Corporate Directors Society ($5,000-$9,999) Corporate Presidents Society ($10,000-$24,999) Corporate Founders Society ($25,000+)

Your business will also receive invitations to quarterly Corporate Member networking events, monthly e-newsletters to update members on exhibits and activities, and other special donor experiences and recognition.

Corporate Engagement Events are presented by:

Become a Corporate Member

Learn more about membership levels and how becoming a Corporate Member can work toward your advantage by calling 412.622.5771 or email CorporateMembership@carnegiemuseums.org

If you are a Pennsylvania business, the Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) program could be beneficial to you. By participating in the program, you would receive a substantial tax credit and impact the community through your support of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh.

EITC gifts help our museums provide innovative, informal education programming in the arts and sciences to as many as 10,000 public school students through virtual and in-person programs such as:

The Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) program, administered by Pennsylvania’s Department of Community and Economic Development (DCED), encourages strategic philanthropy by allowing companies to distribute their tax dollars to organizations like Carnegie Museums that support the important work of our schools through creative programming.

Thanks to the EITC program a one-year commitment to an education program at Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can earn your company a tax credit of 75% of the contribution. The tax credit can be increased to 90% of the contribution if your company agrees to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years.

To start the application process, visit CarnegieMuseums.org/EITC for EITC guidelines and access to the PA DCED’s electronic single application system. Once you apply and are approved, make your contribution to Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh within 60 days.

To learn more about qualifying Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh educational programming and how EITC can work to your company’s advantage, contact a member of our team at 412.622.5771 or email corporategiving@carnegiemuseums.org.

Supporters of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can customize partnership platforms to fit their marketing and/or philanthropic strategy. Our sponsors enjoy prominent visibility in an unsaturated market that will provide unparalleled touchpoints to 1.4 million local, national, and international visitors throughout the year.

Our reputation, community reach, unique spaces, and world-class experts (scientists, curators, and educators) can greatly assist your company’s needs. Discover today how we can help your company highlight its role in supporting the arts, culture and science!

For additional information about Corporate Giving, call 412.622.5771 or email CorporateGiving@carnegiemuseums.org.

©2025 Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh

Support

