>

>

Tour, explore, and more!

Teen Membership is a free pass to exploration and discovery available to all teens 13–18 years old who are residents of Pennsylvania. From youth artmaking to teen science challenges, the four Carnegie Museums provide so many creative ways for teens to connect with each other and their world—and, most importantly, to find their own voice.

Teen members enjoy*:

+ FREE general admission to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum

+ Invitations to events and programming designed just for teen members

+ FREE reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers

+ Discounts on classes, camps, educational films at the Rangos Giant Cinema, laser shows, lectures, and special events

+ A 10% discount in museum stores and cafes (20% store discount during Member Shopping Days)

*Teen membership benefits are valid for one named teen per membership. Teen membership benefits do not extend to parents, guardians, caregivers, household members, or additional guests.

JOIN ONLINE TODAY!

Or, complete the Teen Membership Application and return it to any of the four Carnegie Museumsor mail to:Carnegie Museums of PittsburghATTN: Membership4400 Forbes AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15213

Teen Membership is generously supported by The Grable Foundation

Community Access Membership is presented by

and supported by Giant Eagle Foundation

Terms of Use for Teen Memberships

Teen Memberships are not valid for school field trips, group sales, or group visits.Other restrictions may apply.

*To qualify for the Teen Membership Program, applicants must be between 13-18 years of age and a resident of the state of Pennsylvania. For teens under 18 years old, parents or legal guardians must give consent. Teen membership benefits are valid for one named teen per membership. Teen membership benefits do not extend to parents, guardians, caregivers, household members, or additional guests. Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh reserves the right to cancel any Teen Membership, Family Access Membership or Organizational Access Membership should an applicant submit incomplete or false information.

Teen Night: Mars Carnegie Science Center Fri., March 7 6–9 p.m. Free for Teens!

Join Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh for a night just for teens at Carnegie Science Center’s Teen Night: Mars! Explore Mars: The Next Giant Leap®, participate in astronomy-themed activities, and enjoy light snacks with your friends at this exclusive event for teens ages 13–18.

JOIN US

Teen Sensory Friendly Silent Disco The Andy Warhol Museum Saturday, March 22 6 – 8 p.m.

Put on your most comfortable party outfit and join our welcoming staff for a sensory-friendly evening of dancing, socializing, and artmaking. This event is planned specifically to support the enjoyment of individuals with autism spectrum disorders and those with sensory sensitivities. A live DJ will spin dance classics and our adjustable wireless headphones allow participants to choose their own volume levels or opt out. There will be an enclosed sensory friendly area on the first floor where partygoers can decompress or connect in a calm manner. The underground studio will be open for guests to enjoy silkscreen printing and other art projects. Snacks and drinks will also be available.

The event is open to teens (up to 18 years old) and their families.

JOIN US

Sponsored by The Jack Buncher Foundation

Youth Art Initiative Carnegie Museum of Art Ongoing Free for teens ages 14-19! Includes museum admission.

Youth Art Initiative (YAI) is a museum advisory group focused on the engagement, advancement, and support of local Pittsburgh-area teens. Members collaborate with museum staff to plan their own Carnegie Museum of Art programs and events, and can also meet with and learn from a wide range of museum professionals and working artists.

REGISTER NOW

©2025 Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh

Support

