📍 Oakland

Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods

Pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media.

In our City of Multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. Choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out.

Plan your culinary adventure:

Food Festivals

Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for...

15 Foods You Can Only Get in Pittsburgh

When you're in Pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do.

Pittsburgh: A Foodie Destination

Pittsburgh’s award-winning food is a huge draw for visitors, and it is continually getting recognized...

Food at the Confluence

Nestled in the Allegheny Mountain range, at the confluence of the Monongahela, Allegheny and Ohio...

2025 Guide to Pittsburgh Farmers Markets

Shop fresh, locally-grown foods at these Pittsburgh farmers markets

Pittsburgh Craft Breweries

Cheers to a city that is full of craft beer culture.

Wineries & Distilleries

Discover and explore Pittsburgh's unique drinking history!

Bars & Nightlife

When the sun goes down, the fun continues in Pittsburgh!

Top Pierogi Places in Pittsburgh

Pittsburgh is home to some of the best pierogi joints in the country, so make sure to check out a...

A Taste of Pittsburgh’s Food Scene

Red hot restaurants to add to your next visit to Pittsburgh

What to Eat at PNC Park

​Spending the day watching baseball at PNC Park is a real treat.

Pittsburgh Food Trucks And Food Carts

We’ve curated a delicious and eclectic mouthful of Food Trucks that you definitely want to check out.

Insider’s Guide: Pittsburgh Vegan Restaurants & Vegetable Forward Menus

Your guide to award-winning vegan Pittsburgh restaurants, bakeries, sweets and more.

Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh

Enjoy a variety of Japanese restaurants in Pittsburgh, indulging in traditional flavors, modern twists, and a blend of different cuisines.

The Ultimate Guide to Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh

Discover some of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh with scrumptious meals, refreshing drinks, cozy seating and more

What to Eat at Kennywood

Fuel Up with Iconic Pittsburgh Eats and Sweet Treats as you Ride the Day Away

Best Soup in Pittsburgh

The soup in Pittsburgh is not to be missed. Here are a few of our favorites.

Pittsburgh’s Fish Fry-Days | 2025 Fish Fry Guide

Lent is here, which means that it's time for Fish Fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city!

Best Donut Shops in Pittsburgh

Pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth.

Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in Pittsburgh

Uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment.

Museums

From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored.

120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222

(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744

©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

73

0

Saved

/76691750/VP:FEATURED-PARTNER-1

/76691750/VP:FEATURED-PARTNER-2

/76691750/VP:FEATURED-PARTNER-3

/76691750/VP:FEATURED-PARTNER-4

/76691750/VP:FEATURED-PARTNER-5

/76691750/VP:FEATURED-PARTNER-6

Share Your Story On Social #lovePGH

