🚗 Parking in Downtown is now easier than ever: on nights and weekends, parking in select garages is now only $3 so you can enjoy more of your favorite restaurants, stores, and activities. Learn more.

Worried about finding parking Downtown? No need—the PDP is here to help! Use our handy interactive parking map to find lots of parking options—even $6 evening, weekend, and event parking.

Located at the corner of 12th Street and Penn Avenue, the Grant Street Transportation Center offers convenient and guaranteed (not to mention low cost!) parking 24/7 with round-the-clock security. This state-of-the-art facility is a short walk to the Convention Center and businesses in the Strip District, Liberty Avenue, Penn Avenue, 12th Street, and Grant Street.

ParkPGH is a very useful application available on the iPhone, the web, text messaging and a call-in service. It supplies real-time information about parking availability in all Cultural District garages, calculating the number of available spaces every 30 seconds. Learn more here.

Have you ever been shopping Downtown or been stuck in a meeting and remember that your parking meter is about to run out? Now, you can use your cell phone to pay the meter, remember your license plate, extend your parking time, and more without running back outside! Throughout Downtown and the city of Pittsburgh, utilize Go Mobile PGH to make your next trip a little bit easier. See more about the program here.

The Parking Reservation Program is currently on hold and no new parking reservations are being accepted at this time. We apologize for the inconvenience.  You can find available parking at garages around Downtown at ParkPGH.org.

The City of Pittsburgh was one of the first cities to introduce multi-space meter parking citywide.  These high-tech, easy-to-use meter systems allow Downtown visitors to park closer and more conveniently to their desired destination.  See the instructional video below on how to use the simple meter systems, and see how you can pay your meter using your mobile phone above using Go Mobile Pittsburgh. For a full citywide view of all available on-street parking meters, check out the Pittsburgh Parking Authority’s interactive map.

Note: Downtown street meters hours are Monday – Saturday 8:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. and lots are Monday – Saturday 8:00 a.m. – 10:00 p.m.

Parking is free on Sundays and after 6:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday at metered, on-street spots in Downtown.

Share this page

Contact Us412-566-4190Email Us

Pittsburgh Downtown PartnershipThe Bank Tower307 Fourth Avenue – Floor 2Pittsburgh, PA 15222

Share this page

Connect With Us...

© 2025  Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership. All Rights Reserved. |

