Great city... great neighbors!

Young professionals, empty nesters, families—thousands are making their new home in Greater Downtown Pittsburgh.

Downtown living. What’s the attraction? For many, the incredible convenience of walking to work is a perfect reason to start. But that’s only the beginning. The views are spectacular; the green spaces, including riverfront trails, are plentiful; theater, nightlife, great restaurants, and exciting sporting events are all within easy walking distance. And the living spaces themselves – from modern apartments and condos to spacious lofts in historic buildings – are beautifully distinctive. When you make the choice to live in Downtown Pittsburgh, you’ll be living in the best Downtown in America.

Parks + Riverfront Downtown may be the City’s urban center, but we also have some great parks and riverfront trails to explore!

Point State Park opened in 1974 and is a 36-acre park located at the tip of the Golden Triangle that features expansive lawns, riverfront tails, and the famous Point State Park Fountain which sprays water up to 150 feet into the air at the head of the park, where the Allegheny River and Monongahela River meet to form the Ohio River.

Be sure to visit Golden Triangle Bike Rental or Kayak Pittsburgh to make the most of Point State Park and be sure to check out Friend’s of the Riverfront for information on riverfront trails and activities throughout Pittsburgh.

Mellon Square, first opened in 1955, is a garden plaza, the first of its kind to be built atop a parking garage, that covers just over 1.25 acres. In 2014, the park was rededicated after a complete revitalization project was undertaken by the Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy in cooperation with the City of Pittsburgh, the Pittsburgh Parking Authority, and the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation.

Market Square, the home of many of PDP’s programs such as the Market Square Farmers Market, is officially a City of Pittsburgh park! Be sure to keep an eye on our website for all of the latest events planned for the Square.

Share this page

Contact Us412-566-4190Email Us

Pittsburgh Downtown PartnershipThe Bank Tower307 Fourth Avenue – Floor 2Pittsburgh, PA 15222

Share this page

Connect With Us...

© 2025  Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership. All Rights Reserved. |

