A historic outdoor setting in the heart of the city, Market Square is the hub of Downtown activity.

There’s always something going on in the Square, whether it’s a Farmers Market, live music, yoga, a fitness class, or simply a gathering place to enjoy good weather and the multitude of shops and restaurants nearby!

What makes Market Square so special?

The eclectic mix of old and new! With historic establishments like The Original Oyster House – which opened in 1871 – to a plethora of new restaurants, bars and coffee shops, plus free events, public art, and local shops nearby, Market Square is the place to be.

The Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership hosts free events in Market Square every day of the week throughout the summer. Check out our program offerings below!

May – October, 2024

This event has ended for the season – see you next year!

Live music plays an important role in providing a higher quality of life within urban neighborhoods by supporting cultural expression, social identity, economic development, and most importantly a positive and safe sense of place.

Wednesday Lunchtime Concerts sponsored by

This event has ended for the season – see you next year!

Get ready to move it, move it! Market Square offers local studios and gyms a unique opportunity for after-work, outdoor work-outs, classes and more!

This event has ended for the season – see you next year!

Pittsburgh’s favorite public yoga series brings some of the city’s best instructors into Downtown for two free weekly classes held in the middle of Market Square.

View 2024 Season Details

Thursdays | 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.

FINAL DAY OF 2024 SEASON: Thursday, October 31st

A seasonal staple for thousands of Downtown visitors, residents, and workers, the Market Square Farmers Market is a unique and exciting shopping experience that showcases over 50 local farmers and vendors, as well as the region’s finest small-batch wine & spirit producers.

View 2024 Season Details

This event has ended for the season – see you next year!

Grab a beer from SlyFox and hang out after work or a fun night out with friends. With a range of rotating programs, from jazz and poetry jams, to trivia and bingo, Market Square is the place to be on Thursdays in the summer.

FINAL DATES OF 2024 SEASON: Fright Up Nights – Friday, October 25th & Saturday, October 26th from 4 – 9 p.m.

Night Markets bring an awesome outdoor pop-up shopping market and festival to Downtown, featuring Pittsburgh’s most creative independent vendors. Clothing, furniture, candles, food, drinks, and more are exhibited in this weekly series.

View 2024 Season Details

Looking for something to do? Check out our Downtown Events Calendar.

Submit an EventIf you are looking to host an event in Market Square please fill out this application. To host an event in Market Square, you first need to acquire a Special Event Permit from the City of Pittsburgh. Once you have obtained an approved permit, please complete this application. (Note: submitting a complete application does not guarantee approval. Applicants will be notified of approval by email.)

Share this page

Contact Us412-566-4190Email Us

Pittsburgh Downtown PartnershipThe Bank Tower307 Fourth Avenue – Floor 2Pittsburgh, PA 15222

Share this page

Connect With Us...

© 2025  Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership. All Rights Reserved. |

