“We moved to the city because we wanted to be in the epicenter of Pittsburgh.  Living downtown has allowed us to be spoiled by the convenience factor and amount of activities in downtown.  We walk every day, take buses when necessary to Pitt or CMU, and have a car for emergencies.  We would tell anyone considering moving downtown to – ‘Just do it!’” – Joe & Rosemarie

“We choose to move downtown because we love architecture and we were looking for a cool urban space in which to live.  We found our building walking from the YMCA one day.  We live at 429 First Avenue which is a former paper warehouse that was converted into lofts in 1998.  We were immediately drawn to the open industrial feel, the exposed ceiling beams and concrete floor.  Since moving here almost 4 years ago, we can’t envision living anywhere else.

Our favorite thing about living downtown is that we are within easy walking distance to the Strip District, North Shore, South Side, and Station Square – in addition to all of our favorite downtown locations.  Although we still have the benefits of a small roof top garden, we no longer spend our weekends on yard work and driving for basic amenities.  We are better able to take advantage of the recreational and cultural offerings that make Pittsburgh a great place to live.” – Chris and April

“My husband and I moved from Boston to Pittsburgh in 2000 to launch AlphaGraphics in the Cultural District.  Wanting to be close to our business, we were drawn to The Pennsylvanian for downtown living and the opportunity to be a part of the growing vitality of the arts and restaurant scene that was about to explode in the area.

At The Pennsylvanian, we have a very unique, historic space to call home—it features dramatic 18-foot ceilings, stunning crown moldings, and gleaming hardwood floors and mahogany paneling. What’s the best part? We’re just steps away from hearing a world-class symphony concert, watching a Broadway show, dining at any number of wonderful restaurants, cheering on a professional sports team, and biking breathtaking trails along the three rivers.

Having lived in other major metropolitan areas in urban settings, we think Pittsburgh is a real jewel—and so do our friends who come to visit us. One of my greatest pleasures is working out with my trainer near the stadiums along the water, with the backdrop of our beautiful city. We love living downtown and couldn’t imagine being in the suburbs.”  – Clare

“Downtown Pittsburgh is right now in the midst of the most impressive renaissance I have ever witnessed.  It is so exciting and I am so hopeful about this City’s future that I am in the process of trying to open a hardware store down here.  I see nothing but good coming our way and am delighted to live right here in the heart of it all and be a part of the new retail, art, and community scene I see unfolding.  I attribute much of Pittsburgh’s rebirth to the hard work of the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership and the conscious decision of our mayor to make Downtown Pittsburgh a safe and clean place for people to live, work and play 24 hours per day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.  I am truly proud to be a Downtowner and invite others to come down here and give it a try!” – Donna

Share this page

Contact Us412-566-4190Email Us

Pittsburgh Downtown PartnershipThe Bank Tower307 Fourth Avenue – Floor 2Pittsburgh, PA 15222

Share this page

Connect With Us...

© 2025  Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership. All Rights Reserved. |

