The Difference Between Alligators and Crocodiles

9 of the World’s Deadliest Spiders

Titanosaurs: 8 of the World's Biggest Dinosaurs

Do Plants Feel Pain?

These shaggy-haired bears, native to Europe, Asia, and North America, include species such as the Grizzly and the Kodiak bear, which weighs up to 720kg (1,600 pounds) and is often considered the world's largest carnivore.

All About the Brown Bear Family

Jellyfish

Baobab Trees

Lions

Gymnosperms

Turtles

Sharks

In the animal kingdom, speed can mean the difference between life and death.

© Anup Shah—Stockbyte/Getty Images

Cassowary, (genus Casuarius), any of several species of large flightless birds of the Australo-Papuan region. Cassowaries are the only members of the family Casuariidae and belong to the order Casuariiformes, which also includes the emu. There are three species (counted by some experts as six),

Don’t be killed by the gilled!

Coral, any of a variety of invertebrate marine organisms of the class Anthozoa (phylum Cnidaria) that are characterized by skeletons—external or internal—of a stonelike, horny, or leathery consistency. The term coral is also applied to the skeletons of those animals, particularly to those of the

Australia is notorious for its deadly animals. But how likely are they to actually kill you?

Lions and tigers and bears, oh my!

It’s a plant-eat-bug world!

Live and let leaf.

Shoebill, (Balaeniceps rex), large African wading bird, a single species that constitutes the family Balaenicipitidae (order Balaenicipitiformes, Ciconiiformes, or Pelecaniformes). The species is named for its clog-shaped bill, which is an adaptation for catching and holding the large, slippery

Do you know which species of shark is most likely to attack a human? Or what animal has the strongest bite?

Can you tell the difference between a lilac and a hyacinth?

How to be a smarty-pants in the produce aisle.

The mother of all animal quizzes.

How chameleons change color—and why

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

We’ve all heard the rumours. But what really happens when a shark stops swimming?

Splish splash...give your brain a feel-good bath.

Beneath our blubber, aren’t we all just the same?

Don’t let their innocent fishy faces fool you.

Plants gettin’ it on.

Most plants release only one gas at night, but there are exceptions.

Don’t even think about it...

Are plants male or female? Does that question even make sense?

A few important things you wanted to know about mammals.

Where exactly do buffalo roam?

We know they can get up stairs, but what about moo-ving back down?

When distinguishing between a wolf and a dog, we face the classic challenge of being able to sort out differences on a meaningful level.

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Stay Connected

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

