These are the arts that meet the eye and evoke an emotion through an expression of skill and imagination. They include the most ancient forms, such as painting and drawing, and the arts that were born thanks to the development of technology, like sculpture, printmaking, photography, and installation art. Though beauty is in the eye of the beholder, different eras in art history have had their own principles to define beauty, from the richly ornamented taste of the Baroque to the simple utilitarian style of the Prairie School.

Browse Subcategories

Learn before you look.

The invention of the Leica camera allowed photographers to move through the streets and capture moments that come and go...

Are there mummies inside the Great Pyramid? Hieroglyphs? Hidden treasure? Ghosts? Find out!

A who’s who of an infamous inn.

Film, series of still photographs on film, projected in rapid succession onto a screen by means of light. Because of the...

Cubism, highly influential visual arts style of the 20th century that was created principally by the artists Pablo Picasso...

Art conservation and restoration, any attempt to conserve and repair architecture, paintings, drawings, prints, sculptures,...

Japanese art, the painting, calligraphy, architecture, pottery, sculpture, bronzes, jade carving, and other fine or decorative...

Who pioneered the serious presentation of dance on film? What is the

You might be able to dance well, but can you answer well a few questions about dance? Figure out what you know with this...

Can you tell a Picasso from a Gauguin? What if you can’t see the paintings? Match these paintings with their creators using...

How much do you know about the visual arts? You’ll need to know your Monet from your Manet—and a whole lot more—to make it...

Can you tell

For every artist who is celebrated as a genius, there are hundreds more who lapse into obscurity. The artists in this quiz...

Can you see

You don’t want to be unprepared for your next trip to Scandinavia—even if it won’t be for a while. Take this quiz to see...

You may be able to distinguish a Van Gogh from a Cézanne in your sleep. But what about more contemporary artists? Take this...

If bell bottoms are back in style, why not these other historical trends? See how much you know about fashion through the...

Image Gallery

Visual Arts

View Gallery

Never Miss a Day in History

Sign up for daily fun facts about this day in history, updates, and special offers delivered right to your inbox.

By signing up, you agree to our

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Architecture is a sphere of art and design in which functionality and aesthetics can combine to produce visually stunning structures that manage to both catch the eye and serve a functional purpose. The expansive variety of architectural styles that have been employed throughout the ages underscores the fact that not every building need look the same, a principle that is readily apparent when comparing Gothic cathedrals with igloos or pagodas with cliff dwellings. Although architecture is commonly associated first and foremost with the design and construction of buildings, landscape architects may work with gardens, parks, and other planned outdoor areas, aiding in the development and decorative planning of such spaces.

Articles

Italian artist

building

Awards such as the Praemium Imperiale and the Pritzker Prize honor artists for a job well done.

Articles

international arts award

international literary award

international architectural award

People appreciate the usefulness of things like glassware and furniture, but they appreciate such objects even more when they’re aesthetically pleasing, too. That’s where decorative art comes in. Explore the world of basketry, metalwork, pottery, interior design, tapestry, and more.

Articles

art

Looking to make a statement without ever saying a word? Fashion designers know that clothing and accessories can speak volumes about the wearer, affecting both how the wearer is perceived by others and how the wearer perceives of him- or herself. The fashion industry has become a multibillion-dollar global enterprise devoted to the business of making and selling clothes; it thrives by being diverse and flexible enough to gratify any consumer's desire to embrace or reject fashionability, however that term might be defined.

Articles

clothing accessory

French designer

jewelry

Calligraphy, graffiti, engraving, caricature: graphic art's domain stretches as far as the eye can see. Take a look at some of the other types of graphic art, and learn more about the artists working within this category of fine arts.

Articles

graphic arts

French artist

Italian artist, engineer, and scientist

audience" could consist of onlookers on the street or patrons browsing the halls of a museum, among countless other possibilities.

Articles

Japanese artist

British artist

Chinese artist

Need help distinguishing your Picassos from your Monets? Learn about history’s celebrated painters and the different styles, techniques, mediums, and forms that have been used to create such unique visual images as Salvador Dalí’s melting clock and the ever-shifting eyes of Leonardo da Vinci’s enigmatic Mona Lisa.

Articles

painting

visual arts

Photography’s history began long before we were snapping pictures on camera phones. Learn about the masters of the craft and explore the development of photographic technology as it progressed through daguerreotypes and tintypes on the way to modern day’s increasingly sophisticated digital cameras.

Articles

German artist

American photographer

French photographer

Looking to find a use for that extra clay, stone, plaster, or metal that you have lying around? Consider sculpture, in which artists employ these materials and others to create three-dimensional art. Perhaps you’ll join the ranks of noted sculptors such as Michelangelo, Auguste Rodin, and Donatello.

Articles

Italian sculptor

Spanish artist

French artist

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Stay Connected

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

