The Difference Between a Solstice and Equinox

10 Important Dates in Pluto History

Defy Gravity: 7 of the Biggest Things That Flew

6 of the World's Most Dangerous Birds

A team of scientists recently recreated the face of Peru's most famous mummy, "Juanita," or the "Ice Maiden." The girl is thought to have been sacrificed when she was between the ages of 13 and 15 some 500 years ago. Mummified by centuries of ice and snow, the body was well-preserved and is just one example of how mummification can occur naturally.

Methods of Mummification

7 Wonders of the Natural World

Meteorites

Coral

Life

Tornadoes

The Solar System

A staple of crime stories, the polygraph, or lie detector, aims to determine truth. But how effective is it?

© allanswart/iStock.com

© whiteMocca/Shutterstock.com

These pioneering software programs represent some of the biggest leaps forward in early computer history.

© whiteMocca/Shutterstock.com

On average, women need to consume about 11 cups of water to stay hydrated each day, while men require approximately 15 cups.

Epistemology, the philosophical study of the nature, origin, and limits of human knowledge. The term is derived from the Greek epistēmē (“knowledge”) and logos (“reason”), and accordingly the field is sometimes referred to as the theory of knowledge. Epistemology has a long history within Western

Learn why the Hubble constant doesn’t seem to be very constant.

Catch a gravitational wave or two.

Nanotechnology, the manipulation and manufacture of materials and devices on the scale of atoms or small groups of atoms. The “nanoscale” is typically measured in nanometres, or billionths of a metre (nanos, the Greek word for “dwarf,” being the source of the prefix), and materials built at this

Important questions asked and answered, briefly.

Deepfake, synthetic media, including images, videos, and audio, generated by artificial intelligence (AI) technology that portray something that does not exist in reality or events that have never occurred. The term deepfake combines deep, taken from AI deep-learning technology (a type of machine

What causes the auroras—that is, the northern lights and the southern lights?

Can you figure out what these common items are when they're extremely magnified?

Taking this quiz requires guts.

Do you know the difference between a protractor and a compass?

Can you tell these creatures just by looking at their peepers?

Do different parts of the tongue taste different flavors?

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

A quick refresher course in biology!

Human body temperature is regulated by the hypothalamus in the brain.

Learn about 10 cutting-edge microscopy tools that scientists are using to explore the internal structure of cells.

Blood, brains, lungs, skin, and more.

Were they ever out there to begin with?

There are a lot of strange things in the universe, so why are planets round instead of every shape imaginable?

Learn why the Hubble constant doesn’t seem to be very constant.

For the last 400 years, telescopes have changed our view of the universe.

Al-Khwārizmī was a Muslim mathematician and astronomer whose major works introduced Hindu-Arabic numerals and the concepts of algebra into European mathematics. Latinized versions of his name and of his most famous book title live on in the terms algorithm and algebra. Al-Khwārizmī lived in

In everyday life we use a base-10 counting system, but that is not something that has always been used in history.

Euclid was the most prominent mathematician of Greco-Roman antiquity, best known for his treatise on geometry, the Elements. Of Euclid’s life nothing is known except what the Greek philosopher Proclus (c. 410–485 ce) reports in his “summary” of famous Greek mathematicians. According to him, Euclid

Aryabhata was an astronomer and the earliest Indian mathematician whose work and history are available to modern scholars. He is also known as Aryabhata I or Aryabhata the Elder to distinguish him from a 10th-century Indian mathematician of the same name. He flourished in Kusumapura—near

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Stay Connected

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

