Humankind has long striven to improve its living conditions through the development of tools, instruments, and transportation and communications systems, all with the goal of making our lives easier, more productive and—why not?—more fun, too. Thanks to human curiosity and technological research, many significant inventions have been made throughout history that in turn made a difference in our daily lives.

Browse Subcategories

Learn more about the history of technology from the first tools to the space age to the computer age.

Things you

Kilo-, mega-, giga-, tera-, ???

If you thought future tech was just for sci-fi flicks, hold on to your non-rocket-powered seats.

Intermediate technology, simple and practical tools, basic machines, and engineering systems that economically disadvantaged...

Nanotechnology, the manipulation and manufacture of materials and devices on the scale of atoms or small groups of atoms....

Building, a usually roofed and walled structure built for permanent use. Rudimentary buildings were initially constructed...

Singularity, theoretical condition that could arrive in the near future when a synthesis of several powerful new technologies...

Hello? Can you hear me now? Test your knowledge of on-the-go communication with this mobile phones quiz!

Think yourself a tech aficionado? Test your knowledge of some of the biggest tech companies in the game with this quiz!

What did Patton call “the greatest battle implement ever devised”? What is the oldest still-floating commissioned warship...

What was the famed “Sheet Metal Donkey”? How did the Wright brothers control their aircraft while in flight? Buckle your...

You don’t have to be from New York to get yourself into an “Empire State of Mind”—take this quiz and exercise your knowledge...

Sure, you may know all there is to know about the latest Macbook Pro. But can you compete in computer history as told from...

Have you ever wanted a nonchronological history of technologies that became, during one era or another, part of everyday...

You’re using it right now. But you have to take this quiz to find out what you actually know about the Internet.

From

Up, up, and away! Take off with this quiz to find out how much you know about Orville and Wilbur Wright.

Image Gallery

Technology

View Gallery

Never Miss a Day in History

Sign up for daily fun facts about this day in history, updates, and special offers delivered right to your inbox.

By signing up, you agree to our

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Agriculture, the active production of useful plants or animals in ecosystems that have been created by people. Agriculture has often been conceptualized narrowly, in terms of specific combinations of activities and organisms—wet-rice production in Asia, wheat farming in Europe, cattle ranching in the Americas, and the like—but a more holistic perspective holds that humans are environmental engineers who disrupt terrestrial habitats in specific ways.

Articles

agriculture

agriculture

Automobile, byname auto, also called motorcar or car, a usually four-wheeled vehicle designed primarily for passenger transportation and commonly propelled by an internal-combustion engine using a volatile fuel.

Articles

vehicle

Have computers replaced dogs as man's best friend? They've certainly become an indispensable part of daily life for most people in our modern society. The first modern computers used analog systems, which were especially useful for solving problems and simulating dynamic systems in real time. By the 1960s, digital computers had largely replaced their analog counterparts. Later there was a similar transition from mainframe computers to personal computers. The advent of personal computers brought computers into the individual consumer's home for the first time. Rapid developments in computer and Internet technology powered an ever-expanding selection of handheld digital devices such as the Palm Pilot, BlackBerry, iPhone, and iPod. Computer chips were increasingly embedded in consumer devices of all sorts, including cars, cameras, kitchen appliances, toys, watches, and much more, reinforcing the interconnected nature of the world in which we now live.

Articles

operating system

Engineering, the application of science to the optimum conversion of the resources of nature to the uses of humankind. The field has been defined by the Engineers Council for Professional Development, in the United States, as the creative application of “scientific principles to design or develop structures, machines, apparatus, or manufacturing processes, or works utilizing them singly or in combination; or to construct or operate the same with full cognizance of their design; or to forecast their behaviour under specific operating conditions; all as respects an intended function, economics of operation and safety to life and property.” The term engineering is sometimes more loosely defined, especially in Great Britain, as the manufacture or assembly of engines, machine tools, and machine parts.

Articles

engineering award

electronics

Industry, a group of productive enterprises or organizations that produce or supply goods, services, or sources of income. In economics, industries are customarily classified as primary, secondary, and tertiary; secondary industries are further classified as heavy and light.

Articles

Without the efforts of famed inventors such as Thomas Edison, James Watt, Alexander Graham Bell, and the Wright brothers, our daily life today would look a lot different. Landmark inventions like the printing press, steam engine, telephone, incandescent light bulb, and airplane heralded new stages of progress in technology and spurred further innovation.

Articles

Italian artist, engineer, and scientist

British scientist

The development of the World Wide Web had a massive impact on the ways in which people interact and communicate, ultimately paving the way for the heavily interconnected world that we live in today. Although Internet communication dominates in many spheres of life, other means of communication remain no less important.

Articles

British scientist

telecommunication

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Stay Connected

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

