Famous West Indians in Sports and Entertainment

Claudia Sheinbaum

How Bob Odenkirk Became Bob Odenkirk

Who Is Hanukkah Harry?

The Polish-born French physicist was famous for her work on radioactivity, becoming the first woman to win a Nobel Prize in 1903 (for Physics), and later becoming the only woman to win a Nobel in two different fields when, in 1911, she won the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.

The Extraordinary Life of Marie Curie

Charles Darwin

Royal Weddings

Aristotle

She was an R&B singer known for her number-one hits "Killing Me Softly with His Song" and "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face," as well as her duets with soul singer Danny Hathaway.

Jack Robinson—Hulton Archive/Getty Images

Courtesy of Warner Brothers, Inc.

This American actor was known for his rugged appearance, emotionally honest and natural performances, appearing in dozens of films and winning two Academy Awards in the process.

Courtesy of Warner Brothers, Inc.

Remembering the life of “the People’s Princess.”

Who wants to play detective?

Josephine Baker was an American-born French dancer and singer who symbolized the beauty and vitality of Black American culture, which took Paris by storm in the 1920s. Baker grew up fatherless and in poverty. Between the ages of 8 and 10 she was out of school, helping to support her family. As a

Style for the ages.

Dalip Singh Saund was the first Asian American, first Indian American, and first Sikh to be elected to the U.S. Congress. Before serving, he helped change a law so that Indians could become U.S. citizens. Saund was born in Chhajjal Wadi, in the Punjab province of northern India, which at the time

Throwing like a girl can be a good thing, too.

Srinivasa Ramanujan was an Indian mathematician known for his contributions to infinite series, number theory, and the properties of the partition function. Ramanujan’s early life was unconventional for a mathematician. Born into a poor Brahmin family, he had little access to formal education and

When sports fans look back and remember the Olympics of years gone by, it is not only their favorite sports that they remember but also the dynamic, talented, and inspiring athletes that made the Games worth watching. Below are select past and future Summer Olympic Games competitors and the

Think you know a lot about famous athletes? This quiz might get your GOAT.

Can you tell a Monet from a Manet?

This quiz requires attention—you can't just mail it in.

They have been hostesses, helpers, advisers, gatekeepers, guardians, confidantes, and sometimes formidable powers behind the scenes. How much do you know about the first ladies of the United States?

How do mobsters get their nicknames?

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

Katharine Hepburn was an indomitable American stage and film actress, known as a spirited performer with a touch of eccentricity. She introduced into her roles a strength of character previously considered to be undesirable in Hollywood leading ladies. As an actress, she was noted for her brisk

Sidney Poitier was a Bahamian American actor, director, and producer who broke the color barrier in the U.S. motion-picture industry by becoming the first African American to win an Academy Award for best actor (for Lilies of the Field [1963]) and the first Black movie star. He also redefined roles

Dorothy Dandridge was an American singer and film actress who was the first black woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for best actress. Dandridge’s mother was an entertainer and comedic actress who, after settling in Los Angeles, had some success in radio and, later, television. The young

Laurence Olivier was a towering figure of the British stage and screen, acclaimed in his lifetime as the greatest English-speaking actor of the 20th century. He was the first member of his profession to be elevated to a life peerage. The son of an Anglican minister, Olivier attended All Saints

Avicenna was a Muslim physician, the most famous and influential of the philosopher-scientists of the medieval Islamic world. He was particularly noted for his contributions in the fields of Aristotelian philosophy and medicine. He composed the Kitāb al-shifāʾ (Book of the Cure), a vast

Plato was an ancient Greek philosopher, student of Socrates (c. 470–399 bce), teacher of Aristotle (384–322 bce), and founder of the Academy. He is best known as the author of philosophical works of unparalleled influence and is one of the major figures of Classical antiquity. Building on the

Cornel West is an American philosopher, scholar of African American studies, and political activist. His influential book Race Matters (1993) lamented what he saw as the spiritual impoverishment of the African American underclass and critically examined the “crisis” of Black leadership in the

Bertrand Russell was a British philosopher, logician, and social reformer, a founding figure in the analytic movement in Anglo-American philosophy, and recipient of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1950. Russell’s contributions to logic, epistemology, and the philosophy of mathematics established

Amelia Earhart was an American aviator, one of the world’s most celebrated, who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean. Her disappearance during a flight around the world in 1937 became an enduring mystery, fueling much speculation. Earhart’s father was a railroad lawyer, and her

Charles Lindbergh was an American aviator, one of the best-known figures in aeronautical history, remembered for the first nonstop solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean, from New York City to Paris, on May 20–21, 1927. Lindbergh’s early years were spent chiefly in Little Falls, Minnesota, and in

Harriet Quimby was an American aviator, the first female pilot to fly across the English Channel. Quimby’s birth date and place are not well attested. (She sometimes claimed 1884 in Arroyo Grande, California.) By 1902, however, it is known that she and her family were living in California, and in

Wright brothers, were American inventors and aviation pioneers who achieved the first powered, sustained, and controlled airplane flight (1903). Wilbur Wright (April 16, 1867, near Millville, Indiana, U.S.—May 30, 1912, Dayton, Ohio) and his brother Orville Wright (August 19, 1871, Dayton—January

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Stay Connected

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

