Tonight’s sky will present a rare sight, while Saturn has more neighbors than previously thought.

Tonight a total lunar eclipse will be visible in North and South America, as well as parts of Europe and Africa. A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon enters the shadow of Earth, opposite the Sun, so that Earth’s shadow sweeps over the Moon’s surface. In tonight’s total eclipse, the whole disk of the Moon will pass through the umbra, the darkest part of the shadow, in about an hour. During that time the Moon is usually not completely dark—a part of the sunlight, especially the redder light, penetrates Earth’s atmosphere, making the Moon appear reddish-brown.

Saturn already had more moons than any other planet in the solar system, outpacing second-place Jupiter 146 to 95. But the discovery of 128 more moons, announced on Tuesday by the International Astronomical Union, has upped Saturn’s count to 274.

Today marks the anniversary of the discovery of Uranus by astronomer William Herschel in 1781. The seventh planet from the Sun—which Herschel first described as “a curious either nebulous star or perhaps a comet”—was named for the father of the god Saturn.

On the full moon of the

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

© Shalini Saran/IndiaPictures—Universal Images Group/Getty Images

© Diane Miller—The Image Bank/Getty Images

This Chinese

The largest known arachnid by mass, this South American

Here’s a look at the history of DEI programs, which aim to address historical and systemic disparities, in the United States.

This Japanese

Should TikTok Be Banned?

Are Sanctuary Cities Good for the United States?

Is the Gig Economy Good for Us?

Should the United States Keep Daylight Saving Time?

Can you solve four words at once?

A daily trivia game

Pick the best words

The party starts at eight

A delightful ruthless word game

A daily crossword with a twist

Think you know it, poet?

Play head-to-head!

Your daily logic challenge

Crisscross the U.S. by placing these famous landmarks.

Do you know which hero took a dip in the River Styx? Or what mysteries lurk inside the Labyrinth?

What is a rattlesnake’s rattle made of? What animals can go over 180 miles an hour?

Can you recognize a language by its greeting?

Take this quiz or you may regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life.

Test your knowledge of Americans’ tumultuous fight to end racial segregation and discrimination.

A handy quiz to test your tool acumen.

Find out which breed can outrun a cheetah, which breed was created by monks, and much more.

You may have a sweet tooth, but how much do you know about baking and baked goods? Test your knowledge with this quiz.

They have been hostesses, helpers, advisers, gatekeepers, guardians, confidantes, and sometimes formidable powers behind...

Who was the real St. Patrick?

Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

Estimate your monthly mortgage payments with our free mortgage calculator. Account for interest rates, compound     frequency and pay back schedule.

Compounding means getting returns on your previous returns plus your initial investment. Learn how to grow your     savings with our compound interest calculator.

Calculate the increase from one value to another with our free percentage increase calculator. Evaluate population     growth, inflation, stock values and more.

Are you on track for retirement? Use our free retirement calculator to help determine how much you'll need to save     each year to retire at your desired age.

The time value of money (TVM) principle asserts that the same amount of money is worth more now than in the future.     Use our TVM calculator to estimate future value, present value & more.

Award-winning ProCon promotes critical thinking, education, and informed citizenship by presenting the pro and con arguments to controversial issues in a straightforward, nonpartisan, freely accessible way.

Discover all you need to know about retirement, investing, and household finance, without the jargon or agenda. Get reliable guidance, insight, and easy-to-understand explanations, written, edited, and verified to Britannica’s exacting standards.

Presenting

Alain has been writing a weekly interview column for the Italian newspaper La Stampa since 1989. His interviews celebrate some of the best known and successful personalities of the present day.

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

