Guess the U.S. State by Its Neighbors

See how well you know your boundaries.

What’s That Zodiac Symbol Quiz

Can you name all these zodiac glyphs? All signs point to yes.

Games

Can you solve four words at once?

A daily trivia game

Pick the best words

The party starts at eight

A delightful ruthless word game

A daily crossword with a twist

Think you know it, poet?

Play head-to-head!

Your daily logic challenge

Understanding the debate over capital punishment.

Who else could have voiced Darth Vader? Which comedian could have been in

Can you name these antiquated items?

Can you solve four words at once?

A daily trivia game

Pick the best words

The party starts at eight

A delightful ruthless word game

A daily crossword with a twist

Think you know it, poet?

Play head-to-head!

Your daily logic challenge

Test your global positioning skills.

This quiz is a gas...and a liquid and a solid.

Do you know which hero took a dip in the River Styx? Or what...

Bone up on your knowledge of the human body.

Pick the right sport for the given gear.

Try your luck with these questions, spanning from Jonathan Swift...

How well do you know the items under your own roof?

Not your average Mickey Mouse quiz

Everybody's scared of something, from insects to a whole country....

What animal was used to curse the Chicago Cubs? Who overcame...

This quiz is all over the map.

See if you can tell the insults from the compliments.

Can you identify these novels by their famous first lines?

Take this quiz or you may regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not...

See if you will soar with the eagles or go the way of the dodo.

Romance and physical attraction in history, literature, and science...what’s...

Can you tell chartreuse from vermilion?

They have been hostesses, helpers, advisers, gatekeepers, guardians,...

Find out which breed can outrun a cheetah, which breed was created...

Our salute to flags from around the world. Can you name the countries...

Test your global positioning skills.

From Albany to Trenton, can you name them all?

Can you identify the world’s national capitals? In this quiz...

What is a Constitutional amendment? Who wrote the Declaration...

Test your bond with the periodic table of elements in this quiz...

From the Atlantic to the Urals, backpack your way across the...

Involving all the world’s superpowers, World War I resulted in...

Know the atlas backward and forward? Match over 190 capital cities...

What makes a planet a dwarf planet? How many miles are in a light-year?...

Can you tell these creatures just by looking at their peepers?

What is a rattlesnake’s rattle made of? What animals can go over 180 miles an hour?

You’ve heard of a herd of cattle, but what is a group of jellyfish called?

Can you recognize a language by its greeting?

Figure out if your geography skills border on greatness

Can you pin down the names of these places?

Are you up to date on your famous historical dates?

Give me trivia or give me death!

How well do you know the histories of history’s biggest names?

Understanding the debate over capital punishment.

Who else could have voiced Darth Vader? Which comedian could...

Can you name these antiquated items?

Major events and pop culture of the decade that brought you Watergate...

Two monumental choices, one right answer.

Can you pin down the names of these places?

Fourteen (hopefully) unforgettable terms.

Can you name the people associated with these famous quotations?

Go beyond the barbie with these bonzer questions about Aussie...

The questions in this quiz are based an eighth-grade exam administered...

A quiz that’s all bark, no bite.

These pop culture groups are short one person. Can you figure...

All the major events and pop culture of the decade that brought...

Can you tell the difference between a Chihuahua and a Chow Chow?

Give me trivia or give me death!

Twenty questions of epic proportions.

Figure out if your geography skills border on greatness

Are you as wise as an owl or just another birdbrain?

Prepare for your next trip to Mount Olympus by identifying these...

Can you identify the country based on just a fraction of a flag?

The major events and pop culture of the decade that brought you...

Practice your geographical skills with this twisted test.

Guess the language these English words come from.

Who’s who of the zoo crew?

How well do you know the histories of history’s biggest names?

Thirteen words, thirteen letters each. It’s your lucky day.

It isn’t linguistic hubris if you can back it up.

There are no small roles, only small icons.

Go for the gold by testing your knowledge of the Games.

Are you up to date on your famous historical dates?

Oh, that’s where that comes from...

A dozen words, a dozen letters each.

If bell-bottoms and Beatlemania are your bag, this is the quiz...

This quiz is all over the map.

What is New Amsterdam called today?

Our salute to flags from around the world. Can you name the countries...

You’re on your own for the math section.

Find out something that makes each state great.

Figure out what these figures of speech actually mean.

Figure out which word isn't like the others.

It’s the pictures that got small.

Where are those red squiggly underlines when you need them?

See how well you know your boundaries.

See how well you know the score.

We show you the art, you guess the literary work. Get the picture?

Give your vocabulary a checkup.

Time to sweat the small stuff.

A double-decker quiz with words from across the pond.

Some mouthwatering food for thought.

Hope you’ve saved room for some sweet vocabulary.

Work smarter, not harder, to figure out these occupations.

Test your knowledge of the American Sign Language alphabet

Given a group of four famous people, can you figure out which...

Autocorrect can’t save you now.

In Soviet Russia, quiz takes YOU

Stretch out your brain by naming these mind-bending positions

You don’t need to be a paleontologist to dig this quiz.

From Albany to Trenton, can you name them all?

By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.

Thank you for subscribing!

Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox.

Stay Connected

©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

