Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

Pittsburgh,  City (pop., 2020: 302,971), southwestern Pennsylvania, U.S. It is situated at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers, where they form the Ohio River. In 1758 the French Fort Duquesne was captured there by the British, and the site was renamed Pitt. It was incorporated as a borough in 1794 and as a city in 1816. In the 19th century it developed rapidly as a steel-manufacturing centre. The American Federation of Labor began there in 1881 (see AFL-CIO). The second largest city in the state, it is the centre of an urban industrial complex that includes several neighbouring cities. There are more than 150 industrial research laboratories in the area. It is home to the University of Pittsburgh, Carnegie Mellon University, and other educational institutions.

Related Summaries

Discover

While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. 			Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions.

Select Citation Style

Share to social media

URL

Feedback

Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article (requires login).

Thank you for your feedback

External Websites

The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica

Encyclopaedia Britannica's editors oversee subject areas in which they have extensive knowledge, whether from years of experience gained by working on that content or via study for an advanced degree. They write new content and verify and edit content received from contributors.

Below is the article summary. For the full article, see

Pennsylvania, constituent state of the United States of America, one of the original 13 American colonies. The state is approximately rectangular in shape and stretches about 300 miles (480 km) from east to west and 150 miles (240 km) from north to south. It is bounded to the north by Lake Erie and

United States, country in North America, a federal republic of 50 states. Besides the 48 conterminous states that occupy the middle latitudes of the continent, the United States includes the state of Alaska, at the northwestern extreme of North America, and the island state of Hawaii, in the

