Have the chance to meet the Banana Split Princess and her court throughout the weekend! They will be at various activities, and you can meet them at the Banana Split Princess booth!

The Great American Banana Split Celebration has a lively atmosphere filled with crafts, games, and activities for all ages. Kids can enjoy face painting, balloon animals, and interactive games while parents can shop for handmade crafts, visit the farmers market, or relax with a game of cornhole. For the more adventurous, there’s even a rock climbing wall!

Visiting the event’s vendors is a unique and rewarding experience that provides a chance to support the local community and find one-of-a-kind products. They offer a personal touch with friendly staff who are passionate about their products and happy to provide personalized recommendations. With a wide range of options, from handmade crafts to locally-sourced food and drinks, there’s something for everyone! Discover your new favorites this weekend and come explore all that Latrobe has to offer.

Discover and enjoy all sorts of yummy treats, from classic celebration food like funnel cakes and corn dogs to fresh eats from local food trucks. Enjoy cold drinks like lemonade or craft beer while listening to live music, creating unforgettable memories and experiencing some good old-fashioned fun!

Featuring live performances from both local and well-known bands, you won’t want to miss this year’s entertainment lineup!

Those over the age of 21 can indulge in a variety of craft brews and local wines, each with its own distinct flavors and character. From hoppy IPAs to rich red wines, there’s something for every palate. The section offers a more laid-back atmosphere where adults can socialize, unwind, and enjoy the fruits of local breweries and wineries. It’s a great way to discover new favorites and support the local community while having a fun, relaxing time with friends.

We respect your privacy. Please refer to the Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Chamber of Commerce website for privacy information.

For more information, please contact theGreater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Chamber of Commerce.

PO Box 463, Latrobe, PA 15650

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

© 2025 Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Regional Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Site design by

