CONTENT & COVERAGE

The Pittsburgh Steelers hosted a Girls Flag Football Jamboree at the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex on Sunday, February 23

The Steelers held a Girls Flag Football Jamboree and Flag Football Coaches Clinic on Sunday

Former Steelers quarterback Charlie Batch was selected as a member of the National High School Football Hall of Fame as a member of the Class of 2025

Moon Area quarterback Shayln Brown is the Steelers Girls High School Flag Player of the Year

Watch a recap of all of 2024's Steelers High School Football Showcase Game of the Week

Avonworth High School football coach Duke Johncour is the Steelers High School Coach of the Year, and the team's nominee for the Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year

YOUTH

Each year, we host a fun & exciting day for families at one of our preseason home games, featuring face painting, mascots, interactive games and more!

Our Steelers Phys Ed program brings football to the classroom! We've teamed up with local schools to bring football and fun directly to kids grades K-5. Students participate in non-contact football drills & learn all about the Black & Gold, all while being physically active!

Our kids Halloween event features a trick-or-treat trail through Acrisure Stadium with some of our current players and lots of fun costumes!

We offer 4 camps each summer for kids ages 6-14 to experience positional coaching, compete in flag football tournaments & hear from Steelers themselves!

HIGH SCHOOL

We're recognizing high schools athletes who go above & beyond on the field & in their communities. High school administrators in the Pittsburgh area can nominate student athletes to be recognized on Steelers social and on field at a game, talk with Steelers players AND receive a $1,000 donation for their school's athletic program!

Each week of the season, we honor a high school football coach who has had a big win, does extraordinary work in their community, or has a lasting impact on their student athletes.

We're always looking for girls in Pittsburgh-area high schools to compete in our flag football season each spring. Teams go head-to-head each week, ending in a series of championship games featuring appearances by current Steelers!

Want to play college sports? It all starts with the NCAA Eligibility Center! Registration is free and is the first step toward becoming an NCAA student-athlete.

The Nike Next Ones program honors the best high school football players from around the country with an invitation from Nike and the NFL to compete in a skills challenge and experience behind-the-scenes action.

Each week of the season, we're bringing you the best in high school football action. Tune in to KDKA+ every Friday night for the featured game!

Powered by FedEx, Shell Polymers, and U.S. Steel, the Steelers STEM education program offers students across Western Pennsylvania opportunities in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math. Since 2019, over 18K students have completed the online curriculum, totaling 25K+ learning hours.

We host the annual 'Powering Pittsburgh' Championship at Acrisure Stadium as part of our Steelers STEM program. High school students from Western Pennsylvania present sustainability plans, with the top three teams earning donations for their schools' STEM programs.

COMMUNITY REQUESTS

We want to help make your youth or high school football banquet even more special and memorable for your players. Register below for your chance to have a current or former Steelers player serve as your keynote speaker!

The Pittsburgh Steelers want youth football programs to be top-notch, allowing the space for future professional athletes to learn, grow, and perform at their best. If your organization is looking for support, please fill out the application to submit your request.

Steely McBeam wants to be part of your next event! From community engagement to sporting events and more, Steely is sure to bring the Black & Gold fun. Submit your request for his involvement below.

PARTNERS

© 2025 Pittsburgh Steelers. All Rights Reserved

gallery

video

news

news

video

news

