Built by a rich history, Pittsburgh's cultural offerings and welcoming people make our vibrant city a must-see destination.

Pittsburgh welcomes all those who are seeking authentic, personalized experiences to discover the diversity of the city and celebrate what makes our 90 neighborhoods unique. When you take the time to walk Pittsburgh’s neighborhoods or enjoy one of the city’s many cultural festivals, you quickly learn that it is the people of Pittsburgh that truly make this a special place.

From restaurants and bars to shops, art, events and wellness, you won't want to miss these local favorites

Did you know that Pittsburgh had a profound influence on the American musical artform of jazz?

Pittsburgh’s Barrel & Flow Fest

Celebrate Black artists, craft brews and the arts at the award-winning Barrel & Flow Fest Aug. 10, 2024

Pittsburgh With a Mix of Culture & Flavor

Historically, Pittsburgh has always contributed to the fostering of Black cultural excellence.

Insider’s Guide: August Wilson: The Writer’s Landscape

Explore the August Wilson African American Cultural Center's first permanent exhibition dedicated to the life and legacy of Pittsburgh’s favorite...

Homewood is Home

There is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community.

Pittsburgh Celebrates Black History

For more than 200 years, Southwestern Pennsylvania has been impacted by the achievements and influence of the Black community

Make it a Weekend: A Pittsburgh Black-Owned Itinerary

Support Black-owned Businesses, Explore Historic Neighborhoods and Celebrate Black Art

Pittsburgh Exhibits Personify the Black Travel Experience

Explore the extraordinary exhibits that amplify stories of empowerment, celebration, and the profound legacy of Black travel that shaped communities...

120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222

(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744

©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

72

0

Saved

