Discover the best entertainment venues in Pittsburgh, PA. Vibrant Music Venues: Discover Pittsburgh’s bustling music scene, with venues that cater to every taste. From intimate jazz clubs to grand concert halls, there’s a melody for every ear. Theatrical Extravaganzas: Step into the world of drama and dance at Pittsburgh’s theaters. Watch timeless classics and modern masterpieces come to life on stage. Arenas and Stadium Events: Experience the thrill of live sports and mega-concerts at Pittsburgh’s arenas and stadiums. These venues play host to big-ticket events, promising unforgettable memories. Get the best deals on sporting events, concerts, shows, and other epic events in Pittsburgh.

Pittsburgh is a city in western Pennsylvania at the junction of 3 rivers. Its Gilded Age sites, including the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, the Carnegie Museum of Art, and the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, speak to its history as an early-20th-century industrial capital. In the North Shore neighborhood are the modern Andy Warhol Museum, Heinz Field football stadium, and PNC Park baseball stadium.

Discover America’s 40 most fun cities to visit in 2025/2026. The United States has its fair share of fun cities to visit. Search for places within hours of your home city and plan a quick getaway. It can be pretty tough to sort through the best cities that you’ll love, but one thing is for certain, there’s a whole heap of diverse, vibrant cities to explore, wander around, and discover. These energetic locales have all the things one could hope to experience in just a few days: the hottest concerts, music festivals, theatre shows, and sporting events. See the list of top 40 cities for fans of hot events.

Stay up to date! Join our newsletter now to stay up to date on all Pittsburgh events plus the occasional special offer and discount code! Epic events and incredible deals are straight to your inbox.

×

Categories

All Events

Concerts

Shows

Sports

Venues

Contents

List Of Entertainment Venues

About Pittsburgh

Explore a List Of Entertainment Venues in the city and Pittsburgh area.

Pittsburgh Events Calendar

Subscription Deals

Subscribe

