1882
The interest rate charged on delinquent Parking Tax balances is one percent (1%) per month or fraction thereof until full payment of the tax principal is made.
Type A equipment has entrance and exit gate arms, synchronized ticket dispenser, fee computer with printer and indicator, and counters. Type B equipment counts vehicles entering and leaving the parking facility and includes a count module and computer.
$11,487,776
$2,247,319
9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
The History Center provides educational opportunities including field trips, virtual school programs, programs for preschoolers, badge days for Scouts, continuing education for teachers, and an award-winning National History Day program.
Pittsburgh's mills contributed 95 million tons of steel, or 95% of the steel production, to the World War II effort.
$13
$15
A patron's written refund request must include: name and address of the patron; name and address of the Producer; date(s) of the amusement; copy of any ticket or receipt; summary of reasons for overpayment; copy of the Producer's written rejection; calculation of overpaid tax; calculation of correct tax due; and calculation of the refund amount.
A year-long professional learning experience for educators to immerse themselves in opera and develop lessons connecting arts to other academic areas
Dr. Keith Meister
July 11, 2025
5.05
Yes, information gained from Usage Fee declarations, returns, and investigations is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be divulged except in accordance with a proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
307 Fourth Avenue – Floor 2, Pittsburgh, PA 15222
A staple attraction in Downtown Pittsburgh during the holidays since 2001
Lower back inflammation
2016
The 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival is located at 2875 Railroad St, Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
$8,200,351
The Pittsburgh Steelers have won six Super Bowls, a league record.
The Bocce Tournament & Festival is an event that supports the History Center's Italian American Program where participants can "throw out the pallino and throw down for a worthy cause."
73
Truist Park & The Battery Atlanta
Tuesday through Sunday
Point State Park
Pittsburgh was a Republican stronghold before the Great Depression.
If an employee who filed an exemption certificate later exceeds the $12,000 income threshold, the employer must withhold a "catch-up" lump sum equal to the amount of tax that was not withheld, plus the regular withholding for remaining pay periods.
Yes, information gained from tax declarations, returns, and investigations is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
Parking Tax returns must be filed with the Treasurer, City Department of Finance, 414 Grant St Rm 206, Pittsburgh PA 15219.
The fine for willfully failing to file a required tax return is not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or imprisonment for not more than thirty days.
The Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program (EITC) is a Pennsylvania tax credit for businesses who make a donation to an approved nonprofit organization, including the Frick Art Pittsburgh.
$654,570
The Workshop for Educators
Carnegie Science Center
For free employee parking, operators must maintain a list of each employee's name, job title, and license plate number if no consideration is received.
Highmark SportsWorks
OneStopPGH
A written petition for reassessment of Parking Tax must include the taxpayer's name, address, daytime telephone number, account and/or social security number, a copy of the assessment notice, a detailed explanation of reasons for disagreement with supporting documentation, and the taxpayer's signature.
Being sellers at the trade deadline
The Ostinato Club is the Pittsburgh Symphony's monthly giving program.
Carnegie Mellon University is a private, global research university located in Pittsburgh that stands among the world's most renowned educational institutions.
Reel Q film festival
Not specifically stated, but appears to be 4-8 based on listings
If records are not available in Pittsburgh, the operator must either produce them in a Pittsburgh location or pay for the Treasurer's travel expenses to examine the records where they are regularly kept.
The time limit for requesting a refund after payment of the tax is three years of the due date for filing the report or one year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.
A restaurant or bar is considered a place of amusement if it offers entertainment such as music, dance, performing arts, sing-alongs, comedy routines, or restricted sporting events not available on broadcast TV.
Daniel M. Rooney, father of Art Rooney
Daily 10 a.m.–5 p.m. (Closed Tuesdays)
Le Mardi Gras
Places of amusement must post signs at the entrance and near the box office stating the established price of admission, the amount of amusement tax due, and the sum total of the established price and tax.
The Library & Archives preserves books, manuscripts, photographs, maps, atlases, newspapers, films, recordings, and digital materials documenting life in Western Pennsylvania.
Grants from the United States Department of Labor and the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services, as well as targeted City Community Development and Block Grant funds
A series of informational programs about the operas
For individual operators, they must personally sign the return; for partnerships or associations, one general partner or member must sign; for corporations, an officer authorized to file tax returns must sign.
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Operations and Maintenance Silver Certification
The annual amount of the Local Services Tax in Pittsburgh is $52.
Cameron Heyward
The Office of Management and Budget develops expenditure projections for the five-year forecast by first entering all known future year expenditures into its budget management software, then developing forecasts that consider past year expenditure data and future growth, strategies, and initiatives, and finally evaluating requests from City division Directors that align with the Mayor's strategic initiatives.
At least six weeks in advance
12 months
Manfred Honeck is an Austrian conductor who completed his musical training at the University of Music in Vienna and has experience as a member of the viola section in the Vienna Philharmonic and Vienna State Opera Orchestra, which has influenced his work as a conductor.
Shingas was the Native American chief who had a village called Sawcunk at the mouth of the Beaver River.
25+ food vendors
10 days
LiveNote®
The Pittsburgh Crawfords and the Homestead Grays competed in the Hill District.
Not specified in the text
Jimmy Stewart (The Jimmy Stewart Museum)
Tuesday, April 8, 2025
To serve as a depository for revenues from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on taxation of liquid fuels and agreements for plowing/salting state roads
Operators who begin a non-residential parking place must file with the Treasurer a completed registration form before commencing operation, providing their name, address, business location, identity of the property owner, records of tickets, leases, and contracts to be used.
35,000
Entities subject to the Usage Fee regulations must keep records that enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the Usage Fee.
Excluded from the definition of "Non-residential Parking Place" are public streets, parking areas provided to residents for use in connection with occupancy of a dwelling unit, and parking areas operated exclusively by owners or lessees of hotels, apartment hotels, tourist courts, or trailer parks for their guests or tenants with no consideration charged.
This information is not provided in the text
The Detre Library & Archives is open Wednesday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
205 tackles, 136 solo stops, 29 tackles for a loss, 10 sacks, 9 passes defensed, 3 fumble recoveries and 1 interception in 52 games
UCL reconstruction surgery on his right elbow
Operators must file returns by the fifteenth day of each month for the preceding month, showing consideration received and tax due and collected for each parking place.
Byron Stripling is the Principal Pops conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum has more than 70 interactive activities that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in the region.
It will cease to function
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts
North American Reciprocal Museums (NARM), Reciprocal Organizations of Associated Museums (ROAM), and Art Museum Reciprocal Network (AMRN)
Good faith is not a valid defense for the imposition of penalties for Parking Tax violations. A person's belief that no tax is due and owing, or the failure to receive or obtain required forms is also not a valid defense.
"I think physicality when I hear Steelers defense"
$1,119,263
Gary Kalinoski on guitar and Kai Ballard on percussion
Two hours before curtain time through intermission
A "Non-residential Parking Place" is any place within the City, whether wholly or partially enclosed or open, at which vehicles are parked or stored for any period of time in return for a consideration.
Marathon, Half Marathon, Marathon Relay, 5K, Kids Marathon, Toddler Trot and Pet Walk
Baltimore Ravens
71 miles of trails and 42 miles of shoreline
Taxpayers must keep records related to the Payroll Tax for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
Pittsburgh's rich history of food service pioneers and entrepreneurs
If an audit reveals incorrect tax reporting, the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the tax, with deficiency assessments including taxes for three years prior to the assessment date.
Brett de Geus
Sign language interpretation can usually be arranged upon request
Producers are required to keep all records necessary for filing accurate returns for a period of not less than three years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
The Treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous refund if it was induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact.
It offers significant tax benefits without affecting cash flow and can offset anticipated capital gains tax
Art, History, Nature summer camp with art making and explorations throughout the Frick's museums
The total budgeted amount for the City of Pittsburgh's General Fund for 2024 is $684,677,414.
Underreporting may include failure to report gross revenue, number of cars parked, maximum capacity, number of tickets issued, ticket numbers, failure to issue tickets or tags, misreporting hours of operation, or misreporting duration of parking instances or leases.
A 2017 study by the Cohen Center for Modern Jewish Studies estimated the Jewish population of Greater Pittsburgh was 49,200.
Spring 2001
January 20, 2025
University of Pittsburgh
Businesses making contributions to the Frick through EITC can receive tax credits equal to 75% of their contribution (up to $750,000 per year), or 90% if they agree to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years.
$10,042,479
Yes, home builders' shows, trade shows, and similar exhibitions are subject to the Amusement Tax.
Six
Tackles
Carnegie Mellon established the nation's first Robotics Institute in 1979.
2 years old
March 28
Indiana Jones
Marquis Duquesne, the Governor of New France, sent the expedition in 1753.
A massive array of dill-ectable products and foods
Tickets must clearly print the established price of admission, the amount of amusement tax due, and the sum of these two amounts.
Violations of Pittsburgh's Parking Tax regulations include failing to file a return, failing to pay the tax when due, refusing to permit examination of books and records, making incomplete or fraudulent returns, and divulging confidential information.
Miguel Perez
Boat building was one of Pittsburgh's earliest industries after the Revolution.
The time limit for the Treasurer to assess unpaid taxes when a return has been filed is three years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
$500 for one month trunk residency with a presentation by teaching artists
American Association for State and Local History
Tosca
This special installation showcases Henry Clay Frick's broad Chinese porcelains collection from Clayton and Eagle Rock
The Port Authority's light rail system serves Pittsburgh.
School groups can schedule a field trip to the Fort Pitt Museum by making a reservation, which is required for all school-based visits to the museum. The document specifically states that a reservation is necessary for any school-based visits to the Fort Pitt Museum, though it doesn't provide the specific contact method (likely phone or email to their education department).
No, there is no time limitation for tax collection suits when no return was filed.
August 23-24, 2025
First-team All-Big Ten
11 days
$2,987,292
USA Weekend magazine
To pay for tennis instructors, payroll expenses, maintenance to the Bubble, and administrative and operational costs for Mellon Park, Citiparks' indoor tennis program, and other indoor tennis facilities
1983
Fossil Fuels
$718,971
The population of Pittsburgh was 302,971 according to the 2020 census.
Pittsburgh has 446 bridges, giving it the nickname "City of Bridges."
DK Metcalf
No, there is no time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when the return is fraudulent.
The interest rate for late payment of the Amusement Tax is one (1%) percent per month or fraction of a month.
Employers are required to remit the Local Services Tax to the City within thirty (30) days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year.
1895
The maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the Parking Tax is fifty percent (50%) of the tax due.
The Whiskey Rebellion in 1794 was sparked by federal taxes on whiskey.
Steelers History
Sullivan says Jarry's handles are "simple and efficient"
Andrew Carnegie began steel production in 1875.
Mario Lemieux, a Hall of Famer and back-to-back playoff MVP, later became an owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival vendors are responsible for their own payment methods. If a vendor is Cash Only, they will be required to have visible signage stating so.
162 yards
$6,082,120
Starting 2 hours before every performance, students with valid school ID can purchase up to two tickets for any available seats for half price
Maximum group size of 20 for Car and Carriage Museum tours
No, there is no official dress code for events at Heinz Hall. Many patrons wear business attire, but casual attire is also acceptable.
The French inflicted heavy losses on the British in the Battle of the Monongahela, and Braddock was mortally wounded.
The History Center membership program offers exclusive member perks and unlimited admission to four dynamic museums: the Heinz History Center, Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village, and the Fort Pitt Museum.
Fractured left ankle
One of the winners of the "Best City for Sports" travel award
The Ohio River is formed by the meeting of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
French explorer Robert de La Salle was the first known European to enter the region in 1669.
The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the petitioner's complete and accurate petition form.
Carnegie Nexus
The Cultural District spans 14 blocks along the Allegheny River.
Not finding fluidity, not converting important plays, and not scoring enough
Pittsburgh was described as a "hotbed of bootlegging" during the Prohibition era, 1920 to 1933.
1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. on Saturdays
U.S. Steel was formed in 1901.
Clean up litter, answer questions, and work to beautify the neighborhood
Accounts included under the Pension and OPEB category include Pension Contribution (52401), Retiree Contribution (52404), Widow(er) Contribution (52407), Survivor Contribution (52410), Additional Pension Fund (52413), Early Retirement Healthcare (52416), Retired Police Officer (52419), Retired Firefighters (52422), Retirement Severance (52605), and OPEB Contribution (52901).
2025
438
If an employer fails to withhold the LST, both the employer and employee remain liable for the tax. The employer is personally liable for payment of the tax they failed to withhold or transmit, plus interest and penalties.
Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village is a National Historic Landmark in Avella, Washington County, Pa., featuring a massive rock overhang used by prehistoric people and a series of interpretive villages showing rural life over 500 years.
For panoramic views of the city's skyline and rivers
6-8 weeks
To "restart" withholding, the employer should withhold a "catch-up" lump sum equal to the amount of tax not withheld due to the exemption, plus the same amount per payroll period that is withheld from other employees.
$14 for students and adults
Yes
Fellow level ($125) and above
Small Business Spotlight program
Clean & Outreach Teams
Westmoreland County
Diversity/Inclusion
No expiration date
The Rubens Society
2013
To provide support to the City's solid waste and recycling services
Four votes
Joe Gruble
Picklesburgh has been voted the Best Specialty Food Festival in the Country four times by the readers of USA Today.
A statement on the passing of Craig Wolfley
67, 69, and 71C
$3,278,594
A dedication and love for CMU
Omar Alfonzo
It features contributions of guest labelists from the Pittsburgh community
The Port of Pittsburgh ranks as the 20th-largest port in the United States.
Free admission to The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, and 10% discount at the Museum Store
Severe autism
The lower Hill District, predominantly inhabited by poor Blacks, was completely destroyed in the late 1950s for a cultural center.
Monies granted from the Allegheny County Regional Asset District
Relay For Life
Ohio, Allegheny, and Monongahela
History Uncorked is an annual 21+ party that supports the History Center's award-winning exhibitions, events, educational programs, and more, described as "Pittsburgh's party for young professionals."
Parking Tax payments must be made by the fifteenth day of each month for the preceding month's transactions.
A complete archive dating back to 1927
1927
68,400 (with a record of 70,622 for the 2022 Backyard Brawl between Pitt and West Virginia)
7227 Reynolds Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15208
A "Responsible Person" is any natural person with check signing authority, control over financial accounts, job duties including tax collection/remittance, power to make payment decisions, and who willfully fails to remit the proper tax.
The Payroll Preparation Tax rate is 0.55 percent and is levied on the gross payroll of employers and the distribution of net income from self-employed individuals, members of partnerships, associations, joint ventures, or other entities who perform work or provide services within the City of Pittsburgh. Nonprofit and charitable organizations are excluded.
The Municipal Pension Plan Funding Standard and Recovery Act, 53 P.S. § 895.902(a), establishes the ceiling or maximum rate for Pittsburgh's Parking Tax.
Over 100 species of birds have been recorded in the Clayton Hill area of Frick Park.
Objects previously owned by financier and collector J.P. Morgan and a collection of miniature porcelains
"Yinzer" refers to Pittsburgh residents with a distinctive dialect.
17 seasons
For mechanically issued tickets where rates are time-based, tickets must show date and time of entry, be issued in serial number sequence, include a portion retained by the operator, have synchronized ejectors, and use counting devices that register every vehicle without exception.
20% discount
The "T"
446
$5,843,553
Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Kris Letang, Erik Karlsson, Bryan Rust, and Rickard Rakell
Yes, the Treasurer may enter into an installment payment plan with a taxpayer for tax deficiencies if such a plan is in the best interests of the City.
2019
The Heinz company is featured in a 150-year innovation exhibition at the History Center.
Summer of 2023
Madama Butterfly
Dan Rooney
Volunteer Commitment Agreement
Approximately 20 minutes east of downtown Pittsburgh
The four statutory categories for using American Rescue Plan funds are: 1) To respond to the COVID-19 public health emergency or its negative economic impacts; 2) To provide premium pay to eligible workers; 3) For the provision of government services, to the extent of the reduction in revenue due to COVID-19; and 4) To make necessary investments in water, sewer, or broadband infrastructure.
Third-team All-American
After the Mayor releases the preliminary budget at the end of September, OMB hosts public meetings to gather feedback. If fiscal conditions allow for changes, revisions are made before the Mayor formally submits the budget to City Council in November.
Night in the Tropics
No team has more draft picks or selections in the first three rounds over the next three NHL Drafts than Pittsburgh
Mastercard
Karlsson said Jarry "hasn't changed one bit" and "believes in himself"
The Frick Art Museum, Clayton, and the Car and Carriage Museum
Dozens of live music performances
The Jerome Bettis Bus Stops Here Foundation
The steps of Pittsburgh consist of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways.
Braddock's Road was built across the Allegheny Mountains, which later became part of the National Road (US40).
Defensive backs coach
$185,000
The Frick Pittsburgh's land acknowledgement recognizes that they occupy ancestral lands of the Haudenosaunee, Lenape, Osage, and Shawnee peoples, and acknowledges the cultural importance of land and the role of cultural institutions in collective memory formation, preservation and reconciliation.
The vacancy allowance in departmental budgets adjusts the subclass expenditures to account for savings associated with vacant positions throughout the year.
Sustainability
The General Fund is the main operating fund used to sustain most of the City's day-to-day activities, including public safety, public works, parks, planning, and general administration.
May 6, 2023 - February 4, 2024
Bloomfield
Restaurant dining partners with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra include Fl. 2 @ Fairmont Pittsburgh, Braddock's Rebellion, Vallozzi's, Sultan Doner Gyro, Space Bar, Redbeard's on Sixth, and Talia.
"Established price" is the regular monetary charge of any character, including donations and contributions, fixed and exacted by Producers for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement.
No, access to the Detre Library & Archives at the History Center is free for all visitors.
Bloomfield is known as Pittsburgh's Little Italy.
pittsburghpenguins.com
Former Pittsburgh Mayor Richard S. Caliguiri
Nonresident Contracting Parties not registered with the City must register with the Treasurer within sixty (60) days of entering into an agreement with a Publicly Funded Facility, providing their name, address, and other required information.
The Pittsburgh Academy was chartered on February 28, 1787, later developing into the University of Pittsburgh.
31,000
Eight Western Pennsylvania counties
Latecomers to Heinz Hall performances will be seated at suitable intervals during the program, at the discretion of the conductor.
Early access from 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. each day
299
The maximum fine for an operator who negligently or willfully makes a false statement on a Parking Tax return is one thousand dollars ($1,000) for the first occurrence, two thousand dollars ($2,000) for the second occurrence, and three thousand dollars ($3,000) for every occurrence thereafter, and/or imprisonment of not more than one year.
Opera in Red
14.4 yards
The "Renaissance" project was launched after World War II.
March 15, 2025
Detroit Lions
The Earned Income Tax rate for Pittsburgh residents is 3 percent, with 1 percent going to the City and 2 percent going to the School District.
Qualified Managing Entities not registered with the City must register with the Treasurer within sixty (60) days of first becoming a Qualified Managing Entity, providing their name, address, and other required information.
$449,667
The Fort Pitt Museum is a two-floor, 12,000-square-foot museum located in Point State Park that tells the story of Western Pennsylvania's pivotal role during the French & Indian War, the American Revolution, and as the birthplace of Pittsburgh.
For members of professional athletic teams other than football, earned income is allocated by multiplying total compensation by a fraction where the numerator is total games played in Pittsburgh and the denominator is total games played (including exhibition, preseason, regular season, and post-season games).
1933
Duquesne MBA students
A fourth quarter 60-yard field goal attempt
Guest meet-n-greets, cosplay competitions, games, J-rock concerts, pachinko and more
Smoke pollution was seen as a sign of prosperity in the 1890s before being recognized as a problem in the Progressive Era.
Not specifically stated, but it's described as "annual"
A bachelor's degree in archaeology
Where no return was filed, there is no limit to the period of assessment.
Manfred Honeck has been the Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra since 2008, currently in his 17th season (as of 2025).
The French and Indian War (part of the Seven Years' War) centered on Pittsburgh between the British and French.
The Pittsburgh Bureau of Police is the largest law enforcement agency in the area with close to 850 sworn officers.
Fan-favorite gate giveaways and theme nights, as well as community + specialty games
Adjustments must include a full, detailed explanation showing the adjusted amounts, reason for adjustment, category of parking, period when collections were originally reported, and clear indication of any tax collected and refunded to the patron. An amended return may be required.
The third quarterly Payroll Tax return is due November 30, covering the Payroll Expense during July, August, and September of the current year.
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube (mentioned in Marketing & Communications internship description)
Jennifer Higdon
Partners and Self-Employed individuals apportion Payroll Tax by reporting on Taxable Distributions associated with sales or services rendered within Pittsburgh, using an apportionment formula if determining the exact amounts is impractical.
The multipurpose room on the second floor
Thousands
The History Center actively seeks collections and archival materials related to the history of Western Pennsylvania and the experiences of its people, both past and present, with careful assessment by the Collections Committee.
Chase Shugart
$935,000
Booth, Buggy, MOBOT, Scotch'n'Soda performances
That opera is only for the wealthy/elite
15 large-scale prints
Three different possible endings
The Dark Knight Rises used Pittsburgh as "Gotham City" during filming in 2011.
Women Forging the Way is an initiative focused on elevating women's history year-round, launched to commemorate the 100th anniversary of women gaining the right to vote in the U.S.
The Smithfield Street Bridge was the world's first lenticular truss bridge in Pittsburgh.
To facilitate the creation and use of intergovernmental cooperative agreements
March 1940
Audio Commentary service
Andrew Carnegie sold his mills to J.P. Morgan for $250 million in 1901.
Second best beer festival in the nation
"Compensation" is defined as salaries, wages, commissions, bonuses, net earnings, incentive payments, fees, tips, and any other form of remuneration earned for services rendered, excluding Passive Income received by Partners or Self-employed persons.
Wednesday, April 2, 2025
400+ artists and musicians
Ole Miss
According to the 2020 census, 23.0% of Pittsburgh's population was Black or African American.
Tasting events are subject to the Amusement Tax if they primarily showcase commercial products, even without entertainment, unless the Producer collects sales or drink taxes from the patron based on the admission charge.
The History Center earned the coveted 4-star rating from Charity Navigator for sound fiscal management and commitment to accountability and transparency.
"simple and efficient"
"Amusement" is defined as all manner and forms of diversion, sport, pastime, and entertainment, including concerts, shows, theaters, exhibitions, movies, fairs, athletic contests, and all other methods of obtaining admission charges from the public.
February 20, 2025
A "Partner" is an individual owner or member in a Partnership who will owe tax based on Taxable Distributions, not on Passive Income.
Picklesburgh has been voted the Best Specialty Food Festival in the Country four times by the readers of USA Today.Acrisure Stadium
More than 300
90 years old
Most activities are free of charge
More than 1,500
The major types of funds in Pittsburgh's financial reporting system are governmental funds (including the General Fund, Capital Projects Fund, Community Development Funds, and Special Revenue Funds) and fiduciary funds.
It has tight turns, elevation changes and natural obstacles
La Bohème
18,387
Heinz Hall reserves the right to search any bags entering the facility. Oversized bags must fit comfortably under a seat, and those failing to meet requirements must be checked or returned to vehicles.
11 people
A gigantic warehouse
Moon Doh and Jacob Joyce are both listed as Associate Conductors of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
$2,000 per month
Operators must maintain complete and accurate records of all transactions, showing consideration received and tax collected, including license information, vehicle capacity, rates, ticket records, lease records, meter records, exemptions, and facility drawings.
The tax for free admissions is computed on the established price charged to other persons for the same or similar accommodations, to be paid by the person admitted free.
For taxpayers commencing service during the current tax year, they must file a return within forty days from the date of commencing service, computing tax based on the first month's receipts.
ScareHouse
Most appropriate for ages 9 and up
1
December 15, 2021
@alumni.cmu.edu email address
Spring Carnival
Meadowcroft Rockshelter
The History Center uses cookies to track usage patterns, trends and visitor behavior, as well as to record other information regarding visitors' use of the website. The information collected from cookies is only used in aggregate form.
Sickle Cell Disease (SCD)
The David L. Lawrence Convention Center hosts Anthrocon, the world's largest furry convention, annually since 2006.
Offensive lineman
"I would give it to you back if I could"
The Eastern Woodland Indian Village at Meadowcroft represents the 16th century (or approximately 400 years ago).
Four-Star Rating (their highest possible rating)
Family Fun Day at the Frick offers a variety of activities for families to enjoy, such as lawn games, collaborative projects and take-home artwork with various themes.
Yes, if you do not require a response
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax return is due on April 15th of every year.
When a surcharge is imposed, the total payment is calculated as: (Base Fee + Surcharge) + Tax Rate(Base Fee + Surcharge) = Total Payment. The parking tax is applied to the sum of the base parking fee and the surcharge.
Columbus Blue Jackets
"I love that sh*t. He was awesome tonight."
15 (regular season) and 2 (postseason)
A taxpayer who ceases operations during a tax year can receive a refund by making a proper application to the Treasurer to obtain a prorated refund of the tax paid based on the period of time they were not in service during the tax year.
Pittsburgh's Northside
A renovation and partial reconstruction of one that served the Frick family from 1897 through the 1970s
Fursuit Parade and Block Party
20
Two
The 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival is scheduled for September 14, 2024, from 12:30pm to 7:00pm.
Multi-year lease
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is one of America's most distinguished orchestras, based in Pittsburgh at Heinz Hall, serving as cultural ambassadors for the city through performances locally and worldwide.
The Old Allegheny County Jail, as seen in the film "Mrs. Soffel," completed in 1886
Ticket buyers can add $60 of Uber Vouchers to their ticket purchase at no extra cost
The penalty for unpaid Payroll Tax is one percent (1%) of the amount of unpaid tax for each month or fraction thereof during which the tax remains unpaid.
"I love that sh*t. He was awesome tonight."
Fort Pitt Blockhouse is located in Point State Park.
Yes, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra offers programs for children including Fiddlesticks Family Concerts, which are Saturday morning concerts designed especially for families with children ages 3-8.
Forever
Qualified Managing Entities must file returns and pay the Usage Fee to the Treasurer on or before April 30, July 31, October 31 of the current year, and January 31 of the succeeding year, covering the preceding three-month periods.
Guest labelists share insights behind the Kara Walker works that inspired their labels
Latrobe Art Center
The City Council as a Body provides Council with centralized staff support under the direction of the City Clerk, serves as a centralized document and information resource, and includes a Budget Division that monitors City finances and conducts independent analyses of City operations.
Email Us
The Tales of Hoffmann
Art Rooney II
It starred KEA and her children Au-hneyah and Alyssa, solidifying the intimate single-parent family portrait
The Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives was founded to collect, preserve, and make accessible the documentary history of Jews and Jewish communities of Western Pennsylvania.
The Treasurer can collect taxes, verify information, observe parking spaces, reexamine returns, examine records, compel record production, prescribe forms, issue citations, and institute penalties for violations of regulations.
No, the Usage Fee should not be reported in the local tax box on W-2 forms because it is a fee, not a tax.
A "patron" is anyone participating in the privilege of engaging in an amusement.
Producers of permanent amusements must file tax reports monthly.
The fine for a Qualified Managing Entity that willfully fails to collect or truthfully account for the Usage Fee is a maximum of $25,000 and/or imprisonment not exceeding two (6) months.
To support services and programs that prevent violence and criminal activities, and to support community health and safety programs
The History Makers Award Dinner is a tradition that celebrates exceptional individuals with connections to Western Pennsylvania whose accomplishments transcend geographic bounds.
1997
1,303 receiving yards in 2020, breaking Steve Largent's previous record of 1,287 yards
The oldest site of human habitation in North America, located in Avella, Washington County, Pa.
When a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing within the specified time period, they waive the right to contest any element of the assessment, which is construed as an admission to the propriety of the assessment.
The Treasurer can obtain additional information, audit taxpayer records, enter into settlements, obtain liens on property, implement wage attachments, levy and seize property, enter into installment payment plans, impose interest and penalties, and seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances.
$4.5 billion
Operators must report missing or unaccounted-for tickets on a form prescribed by the Treasurer and pay a fee equal to the maximum daily rate for each missing ticket by the fifteenth day of the subsequent month.
Tech giants such as Apple, Google, IBM Watson, Facebook, and Intel have established operations in Pittsburgh.
Kristin Garbarino
38,000
Exempt Institutions include federal government instrumentalities, government entities, elementary and secondary schools, institutions of purely public charity, insurance companies, regulated utilities, voluntary employee beneficiary associations, qualified pension plans, regulated financial institutions, and certain tax-exempt organizations.
To uphold standards and be at their best every single day
A Producer must apply for an Amusement Tax Permit at the Bureau of Building Inspection - City Licensing and Permits Office.
Newry
If a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing within the specified time period, they waive the right to contest any element of the assessment, and their failure to challenge the Treasurer's adjudication will be construed as an admission to the propriety of the assessment.
During a stoppage of play
More than $550,000
The American Civil War boosted Pittsburgh's economy with increased iron and armament demand by the Union.
The original name of the arena where the Penguins played before PPG Paints Arena was the Civic Arena, or locally known as "The Igloo."
Parking facilities using meters activated by coins or tokens need not display evidence of transactions on vehicles but must keep clear detailed logs and records of all money collected from each meter.
The Heinz History Center does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors 18 years of age and under are required to obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to the website.
The Local Services Tax funds can be used for: (1) Police, Fire, and/or Emergency services; (2) road construction and/or maintenance; or (3) reduction of property taxes.
Meadowcroft Rockshelter is the archaeological site west of Pittsburgh that provides evidence of early human habitation in the region.
2016
48
Donald Trump
The Payroll Tax must be paid quarterly.
The Rooney family has relatives from Newry, County Down
The interest rate charged on unpaid Payroll Tax is six percent (6%) per annum.
25 miles
The maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the Usage Fee is fifteen (15) percent in the aggregate.
Rink fees, concession revenue, and room rentals
Latecomers will be taken to the best available seat that does not disturb other patrons until intermission
No, parking licenses are not transferable between operators nor can they be transferred from one parking place to another.
Latrobe, Pennsylvania
Apteka and Pusadee's Garden were nominated for James Beard Awards in 2024 according to the tourism site.
All taxes collected by operators constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the City, enforceable against the operator and anyone receiving part of the fund without consideration or with knowledge that the operator is committing a breach of trust.
From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print
2013
General Director of Pittsburgh Opera who became Artistic Director in 2000 and General Director in 2008
The maximum fine for a person adjudged in violation of applicable provisions of the Pittsburgh Code regarding the LST is five hundred dollars ($500) and costs for each offense, with possible imprisonment of not more than fifty (50) days for non-payment.
Pittsburgh's professional sports teams all share the same team colors (black and gold), a practice that doesn't occur in other U.S. cities.
The vision statement of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is "Great Music In Every Life."
Pittsburgh struggles with combined sewer overflows during heavy rainfall, causing untreated sewage to flow into rivers.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival is an annual food festival celebrating tacos and supporting Pittsburgh's Latin-American community.
The War of 1812 stimulated American manufacturing by cutting off British goods.
Portrait of Charlotte-Marguerite de Montmorency, Princess of Condé (ca. 1610)
Taxpayers have thirty (30) days from the date of notice of the Treasurer's decision to appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County.
Citizens Live at the Wylie
One block north of the museum on Sandusky Street
Through the online Facility Rental website
In roof gardens, night clubs, or restaurants with entertainment, the established price is deemed to be ten (10%) percent of the amount paid for refreshment, service, and merchandise.
Donald Warhola
The Trails to Trains exhibit transports visitors through time, exploring the evolution of transportation in Southwestern Pennsylvania using five vehicles from the collection.
To preserve and expand the resources of art and science as agents of personal growth and social advancement in Pittsburgh and beyond
KEA (an acclaimed artist celebrated for her soulful voice)
The Pango App
$5 a month
Pittsburgh Pride
The "Terrible Towel" is associated with Pittsburgh's football culture and the Steelers.
An all Japanese and Japanese American creative team
Exempt Valet Parking Services are those where a valet takes temporary custody of vehicles for patrons of a single business establishment, parks them in a facility owned or leased exclusively by that establishment, and charges less than prevailing parking rates. Taxable Valet Parking Services are those that don't meet these exemption criteria.
Aurelius
The first 7,500 fans in attendance
2018
The Rooney family has owned the Pittsburgh Steelers since the team's founding in 1933.
To support continued research and education regarding brain injuries and treatment of sports-related concussions
Saturday, January 11 at 7 p.m. Central Mexico time
It is a National Historic Landmark and the oldest documented human settlement in North America
A special event with food vendors and live entertainment
Credit and debit cards as well as Apple/Google Pay are accepted
Tokyo Dome
The interest rate charged on unpaid LST is 12% per annum on the amount of tax unpaid for each month or fraction of a month.
Ireland Funds
Rate signs must show the operator's name, lot address, operator's license number, and a schedule of rates including hourly, daily, Sunday, holiday, event, special, weekly, monthly, and yearly lease rates corresponding to the operator's license application.
Erik Karlsson
To account for fees paid when off-duty police officers are hired for special events, including officers' overtime pay and cost recovery fees
Donnie Shell and his wife Paulette
The Making History blog features posts on Western Pennsylvania history, content from the Library & Archives, curator collection spotlights, and more.
1896
Not specified in the document
"The way he led the team to come out in the second half was incredible"
Japanese pop culture convention
1994
The filing deadline for the second quarter LST return is July 31 (covering April 1 through June 30).
38,362
Nonresident Contracting Parties must file returns and pay the Usage Fee to the Treasurer on or before April 30, July 31, October 31 of the current year, and January 31 of the succeeding year, covering the preceding three-month periods.
No, membership fees, dues, and assessments that fall equally upon all members are excluded from Gross Receipts, but individual charges for services to members are subject to tax.
52
Visitors to Picklesburgh can expect handcrafted food and artisan drinks featuring pickled ingredients from local chefs and restaurants, pickle-themed snacks and merchandise, contests, and entertainment.
1.5 million
Pittsburgh was named the "Best Sports City" in the United States by Sporting News in 2009.
Educational lectures are not subject to tax when the primary purpose is to provide scientific, historical, or educational material to the patron with no material entertainment or recreation provided.
Best Music Fest by Pittsburgh City Paper
In the Grable Visitor Center
From 1891 to 1911, the city's name was federally recognized as "Pittsburg" without the "h".
Donating appreciated stocks or mutual funds to the Frick
July is the warmest month in Pittsburgh.
The first 100 vehicles
13.6
Thursday, March 13 at 5:00 PM
If a taxpayer fails to request a Treasurer's Hearing in a timely manner, they waive the right to contest any element of the assessment, and it will be construed as an admission to the propriety of the assessment.
Debt service is defined as payments made to the principal and interest balances of previously issued municipal bonds in order to ensure their timely retirement, and is categorized under the Department of Finance with accounts such as Interest Expense - Bonds (82101).
On an employee's pay stub, the employer must list how much LST was withheld and list the municipality it was paid to (using "PGH" for Pittsburgh).
Trace Echo is the name of the uptown gathering space for coffee mentioned in the tourism site.
Diamond Horseshoe Celebration
847867
Museum experiences officer
No, membership dues, fees, or assessments paid to engage in activities predominantly focused on exercise, fitness, health maintenance, or weight control are not subject to the Amusement Tax.
$160 million
Iceburgh
Brett de Geus
1997
The maximum penalty that can be applied for non-payment of the LST is 50% of the tax due.
An employer must "restart" withholding the LST if instructed by the City, if notified by the employee that they are no longer eligible for exemption, or if the employer pays the employee $12,000 or more for the calendar year.
$889,177
NFL Draft
$9,196,000
6%
Annual fundraising events for the History Center include the History Makers Award Dinner, History Uncorked, Bocce Tournament & Festival, and Celebrity Golf Tournament.
Linebacker
For a bar with a cover charge of $10.00 (tax included), the Amusement Tax would be $10.00 x 0.04762 = $0.48.
Allegheny Health Network (AHN)
It's free to ride within the Golden Triangle
To provide free meals to the City's children at numerous sites throughout the City
When the Amusement Tax is included in the total admission charge, it is calculated using the formula: Tax = 0.04762 x Total Admission Charge (where Total Admission Charge includes the tax).
KEA dug into the darker psychological impact of the words compared to Robinson's breezy approach
Antony Walker
The Andy Warhol Museum is dedicated to the Pittsburgh-born artist and filmmaker.
Yes, employers can match gifts to the History Center. Donors can double or triple their gifts if they or their spouse work for an organization that matches charitable contributions.
Side-by-Side with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra is an immersive experience for high school musicians to rehearse and perform side-by-side with their PSO counterparts, including a full concert experience on the Heinz Hall stage.
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival was founded in 2016 by Craig McCloud.
The rate of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is six mills (6/10 of 1% or $6.00 per $1,000) on each dollar of annual receipts.
A valid CMU ID
Usage Fee records must be preserved for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
The Pittsburgh Agreement focused on the future foundation of Czechoslovakia.
Crafts, handmade products, farmers market, food vendors, and local businesses
For sporting events, the Usage Fee is calculated based on earned income from services performed, using apportionment formulas for different types of participants (players, non-players). For non-sporting events, the fee is based on earned income paid to nonresidents for performances at Publicly Funded Facilities.
The History Center provides accessibility features including wheelchairs, sensory bags, assistive listening devices, sign language interpreters, and support staff admission.
To administer employment and training services designed to help City of Pittsburgh residents become attached or reattached to the labor force
To provide opportunities for inner-city youth to succeed and become productive individuals
Publicly Funded Facilities include PPG Paints Arena (1001-1035 5th Ave), David Lawrence Convention Center (1000 Fort Duquesne Blvd), Heinz Field (100 Art Rooney Dr), PNC Park (115 Federal St), Peterson Event Center (3719 Terrace St), and Stage AE (400 N Shore Dr).
Pennsylvania Department of Welfare grant funds, CDBG funds, program fees, and meeting room rentals
The percentage of total City revenue that came from non-tax sources in 2022 was 23.5 percent.
John Pennington was the Prohibition Administrator who conducted raids in Pittsburgh.
The document does not specify exactly when the African American Program was established.
3
Members of a reserve component of the armed forces who are called to active duty at any time during the taxable year are exempt from the Local Services Tax.
"The skating continues to be some of the best in the league"
$157,000
Tim Pearce
The Café at the Frick
For taxpayers not in service during the whole preceding calendar year, the tax is computed on gross receipts for the portion of the year they were in business.
$1,511,850
Inside linebackers coach
July 14, 2025
Pickle Juice Drinking Contest
A "Responsible Person" is defined by four criteria: (1) having check signing authority or control over financial accounts, (2) having job duties that include tax collection or remittance, (3) having power to make decisions about which debts will be paid, and (4) willfully failing to remit the proper tax.
The country's most talented Black brewers
The fourth quarterly Payroll Tax return is due February 28 of the succeeding year, covering the Payroll Expense during October, November, and December of the current year.
The Pittsburgh Pipers won the first American Basketball Association championship in 1968.
Spinal cord injury (SCI)
George Pickens
No, tax remedies provided by the City of Pittsburgh are not mutually exclusive, and utilizing one remedy does not preclude the use of others.
The second quarterly Payroll Tax return is due August 31, covering the Payroll Expense during April, May, and June of the current year.
The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) is the largest employer with 48,000 employees.
The time limit for requesting a refund for amounts paid as a result of a notice of underpayment is one year from the date of payment.
To provide assistance, tools and inspiration to underprivileged children
$2,238,078
To provide teachers with arts integration materials and professional learning opportunities
"The Steel City" for its dominant role in the U.S. steel industry.
$14,164
Luke Ravenstahl became the mayor of Pittsburgh at age 26, making him the youngest mayor of any major American city.
For the deposit of revenue from outdoor advertising on bus shelters and contributions for expenditures involving street trees
Tax reports for permanent amusements are due on or before the fifteenth day of the month following the reporting month.
B.F. Pinkerton
For social clubs or fraternal organizations that furnish entertainment without a separate charge, the established price is fifty (50%) percent of the gross receipts.
12 tackles against the Los Angeles Chargers
Saturdays
Tristan Jarry
Students can access discounted subscriptions, PSO Go program for rush tickets, and annual passes allowing access to multiple performances throughout the season.
George Washington came to warn the French to withdraw from the Ohio Valley in 1753.
According to the document, Donald Trump won the 2024 US Presidential Election, defeating Kamala Harris, and was inaugurated on January 20, 2025.
When filing for a low-income exemption, an employee must attach a copy of all last pay stubs or W-2 forms from employment within the City for the year prior to the calendar year for which the exemption is sought.
Andy Warhol was the Carnegie Mellon alumnus known as an iconic figure in the pop art movement.
The severability clause ensures that if any provision of the tax regulations is found to be illegal or unconstitutional by a court, the other provisions remain in full force and effect, preserving the remainder of the tax structure.
Russell Wilson was pressured, threw a bad pass and Marlon Humphrey completed a pick six
Nearly 3,800 acres
Le Mardi Gras
$337,176
A "Self-Employed" person is an individual who earns Compensation from one or more separate Businesses within the City, other than as an Employee or Partner, including single-member owners of disregarded entities.
The penalty rate for non-payment of the Sports Facility Usage Fee is one (1) percent per month on the amount of the fee that goes unpaid.
39,000
The iron and steel industry developed rapidly after 1830 and became dominant by the 1860s.
A taxpayer has thirty (30) days from the date of notice of the Treasurer's decision to appeal to the Court of Common Pleas.
"We never gave up, the mentality in the second half was different and that's why I'm very proud of all the guys in the locker room, they never stopped fighting."
68,400
To oversee year-round daily admissions, various fee-based programs, and special activities for the Schenley Skating Rink
The Treasurer (Director of Finance or the Department of Finance) is responsible for collecting the Amusement Tax.
A "Producer" is any person conducting any place of amusement where the general public may, upon payment of an established price, attend or engage in any amusement.
The Frick Societies program consists of members who serve as champions of arts and culture with philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick's diverse collections.
$228,135
The Keystone State Wrestling Alliance (KSWA) has been based in Pittsburgh since 2000.
$38,500
The rate of the Sports Facility Usage Fee in Pittsburgh is three (3) percent of earned income.
The Pittsburgh Pirates set an MLB record with 20 consecutive losing seasons from 1993 until 2012.
Flexable
The purpose of the five-year financial forecast is to evaluate the fiscal health of the City over a longer period of time, identify future trends related to revenues and/or expenditures, aid in planning for long-term strategies, formulate departmental and citywide initiatives, and develop new policies that might result in a financial impact.
Joe Vogatsky
Picklesburgh is the name of the annual pickle-themed festival in Pittsburgh.
There is no time limit for the Treasurer to assess unpaid taxes when no return has been filed.
It's the largest 10K race in Pennsylvania
The Heinz History Center is open daily from 10 AM to 5 PM.
The Frick has partnered with FreeWill for community members to create an estate plan for free
Major expenditures included in the Personnel - Employment Benefits subclass include health insurance costs, pension payments, workers' compensation claims, and other post-employment benefits (OPEB) for City employees.
The interest rate for non-payment of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is one percent (1%) per month or fraction of a month.
RAD Program Manager at $81,074
A diversity of thought
Seneca chief Tanaghrisson executed the French commanding officer, Ensign Joseph Coulon de Jumonville.
Darius Slay
dpwfields&parkshelters@pittsburghpa.gov
The Treasurer has five years to sue for recovery of an erroneous refund induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact.
Mouth-watering bites from more than a dozen local restaurants
Pittsburgh locals use "yinz" or "yunz" instead of "you all" or "y'all."
Algonquian- and Iroquoian-speaking peoples were early inhabitants of the region.
The three factors used to calculate the City Apportionment percentage are the Payroll Percentage factor, Property Percentage factor, and Sales Percentage factor.
Pittsburgh Symphony subscribers receive discounts and special offers at downtown Pittsburgh Dining Partner venues by presenting their Perks Card at participating establishments.
To enrich Pittsburgh and the tri-state area and draw national and international attention to the region
Dr. Arbitman
Employers are responsible for collecting the Local Services Tax from all employees engaged in an occupation within the City, unless the employee files an exemption certificate.
No, movie theaters are not considered Performing Arts for tax purposes because they are not live performances.
Yes, operators with more than one parking place must file a separate return for each individual parking place.
The current rate of Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax is fifty-five hundredths of a percent (.55% or .0055) of Payroll Expense.
Jennifer Sheridan
"iLove You"
The Italian American Bollettino is an e-communication that reports on what's happening with the History Center's Italian American Program, informing subscribers about upcoming events and highlights from the Italian American Collection.
The time limitation for filing suit to recover tax when there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more (and not due to fraud) is six years.
The Heinz History Center is an educational institution that preserves and presents the American experience with a Western Pennsylvania connection, serving as Pittsburgh's people museum and the Smithsonian's home in Pittsburgh.
$175,000
Home renovations, gardening, and the latest innovations in home technology
Jasmine Nyree Campus
Ryan Shazier Fund for Spinal Rehabilitation
Four
Yes, disabled veterans who are admitted free of charge are exempt from the Amusement Tax.
Tuesdays
The History Center's Social Media Policy aims to provide a public forum for respectful discussion and dialogue while ensuring their social media channels maintain appropriate content standards.
The Scotch-Irish dominated the leadership of the iron and steel industry according to Ingham.
The Resident Artist Program
Yes, members of the armed services on active duty and in uniform who are admitted free of charge are exempt from the Amusement Tax.
Yes, service animals are permitted in all public areas of the Frick Pittsburgh. However, comfort animals, therapy animals, companion animals, or emotional support animals are not allowed.
Bornean rainforest
The festival features authentic Irish food, music, and crafts in September
America 101 is an initiative by the History Center that aims to empower citizens to know and act on the promise of the country's founders, enabling people to write the next chapter of democracy through educational programs and civic engagement.
No, receipts from sales made or services rendered to government bodies, including authorities, are not excluded from the tax base, though Exempt Receipts and receipts of Exempt Institutions are excluded.
The Capital Projects Fund is used to fund construction and/or maintenance of any public property, facility, or program that is expected to provide a long-term benefit to the City, such as buildings, park facilities, infrastructure, and information technology systems.
The Pittsburgh Pierogi Race
Arthur J. Rooney, Sr.
The "free-flow" security system at Heinz Hall allows patrons to walk through security scanning equipment unimpeded without having to remove coats or bags, cell phones or keys. This system is designed to enhance both security and convenience, making the entry process smoother while maintaining safety. Patrons using wheelchairs or with strollers have alternative accommodations for entry.
"I've always just been the guy that's very aggressive, I don't shy away from contact. I feed off of contact. If somebody gets me, I'm going to have to get you back."
"Consideration" means the payment or compensation of any nature received by the operator from or on behalf of the patron, upon an express or implied contract or under a lease or otherwise, whether or not separately stated, for each transaction involving the parking or storing of a vehicle. It does not include the tax imposed and collected under Chapter 253.
10 points, which was their lowest scoring output since Week 13 of the 2023 season against Arizona
One Allegheny Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15212
The Great American Banana Split Celebration
Ohio State
$1,168,620
Fairmont Pittsburgh is the official hotel of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
COMBEE, according to the event at the Frick, is a book by Dr. Edda Fields-Black about Harriet Tubman, the Combahee River Raid and Black Freedom during the Civil War, exploring Tubman's role in the largest slave rebellion in US history that liberated 756 people.
4,000 people
"Taxable Distributions" are limited by the sum of draws or net income for that Partner or Self-employed person, whichever is less.
A taxpayer who disagrees with a tax assessment can request a Treasurer's Hearing within ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment by submitting a written petition for reassessment.
The Jewish Encyclopedia of Western Pennsylvania is a descriptive online record of Jewish history in Western Pennsylvania providing basic information about hundreds of Jewish people, families, congregations, organizations, charities, businesses, and events dating back to 1755.
Pittsburgh falls within either a hot-summer humid continental climate (Dfa) or a humid subtropical climate (Cfa).
City Council proposes, deliberates, and votes on legislation governing the City, approves appointments, regulates revenues and expenditures, and approves the final Operating and Capital Budgets.
$38,500
It's the nation's first Black beer festival
A lecture examining untold stories and reclaimed histories through her most recent book
When there is an understatement of tax liability of 25% or more, and not due to fraud, a tax collection suit must be filed within six (6) years.
$100,000
1983
Springhill Suites Pittsburgh of Latrobe
10:15 a.m. through 3:00 p.m.
WQED 13 was the first community-sponsored television station in the United States, established on April 1, 1954.
Yes, children under twelve years of age who are admitted free of charge are exempt from the Amusement Tax.
$10,815,782
Pittsburgh was the nation's eighth-largest city in 1910.
Picklesburgh 2025 is scheduled for Friday, July 11 – Sunday, July 13, 2025, in Downtown Pittsburgh.
The Property Percentage factor is calculated as the sum of tangible property located in the City divided by the sum of tangible property located everywhere in the United States, determined as of December 31.
Venues throughout the city
The time limitation for filing suit to recover tax in the case of a deficiency assessment is three years after the assessment has been made.
The deficiency assessment period for a taxpayer who filed a return in good faith is three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed.
No, donations and receipts associated with religious services received by religious organizations are excluded from Gross Receipts.
The simplified calculation method presumes that gross collections include both total consideration and collected parking tax, with the applicable tax rate being 27.273% times gross collections.
The Heinz History Center is located in Pittsburgh's historic Strip District.
Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
90
Teen Membership
"He is a coach I wanted to play for if I got a chance to"
2004
$15 for general admission
The Home Plate Club
Smokey Robinson's "Being with You"
Film Pittsburgh
The Rauh Jewish Archives collects correspondence, diaries, memoirs, ledgers, minutes, scrapbooks, ephemera, audio tapes, photographs, and moving images documenting the lives of individuals and families and the histories of congregations, organizations, institutions, and businesses.
Picklesburgh is a food festival celebrating all things pickled, featuring handcrafted food and artisan drinks with pickled ingredients from local chefs and restaurants, plus pickle-themed snacks, merchandise, contests, and entertainment.
2017
The fiscal year for the City of Pittsburgh begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year.
Yes, service animals are welcome at the Heinz History Center, Fort Pitt Museum, and Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village.
PSO Disrupt is described as a new way to experience the symphony at Heinz Hall where attendees can "wear what you want, clap when you want" and have their senses ignited.
Penalty and interest become part of the tax once they are due and owing, and shall be collected as such.
117 Sandusky Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5890
For temporary, seasonal, or itinerant service providers, they must file a return within seven days from completion of the service, reporting actual gross volume of service during the tax period.
After 5 p.m. each day and during the weekends
21-0 in favor of the Ravens
May 23, 2023
In the Personnel - Salaries & Wages subclass, Regular salary represents the total base pay for the organization, Longevity pay is awarded to employees in certain collective bargaining agreements based on seniority and tenure, and Premium Pay appropriations compensate for overtime hours.
Chicago Bears (in 1997, a preseason game)
The History Center assesses potential donations based on their historical or cultural significance to Western Pennsylvania, physical condition, whether the museum already owns similar items, and the ownership history of the items.
A duplicate of any Form 990-T filed with the Internal Revenue Service for the period should be attached to the tax return to assist in review of Taxable Gross Receipts.
Since 2013
Four
144
The sounds of Frick past through soundscapes created by students
One hour
The major expenditure subclasses in Pittsburgh's budget include Personnel - Salaries and Wages (51), Personnel - Employment Benefits (52), Professional and Technical Services (53), Property Services (54), and Transfers - Out (91).
Yes, it's free
Returns must include total consideration received for each category of parking (hourly, daily, evening, event, weekly, monthly, lease, prepaid), beginning and ending ticket numbers and serial numbers for leases, and the amount of tax due.
If records to support Usage Fee returns are not available in the City, the entity must either produce them in a City location or pay for the Treasurer's expenses to travel to where the records are regularly kept.
William Pitt the Elder, British Secretary of State, ordered the construction of Fort Pitt.
Heinz Hall has implemented a "free-flow" scanning security system that allows patrons to walk through unimpeded without removing coats, bags, cell phones or keys, while still providing enhanced security.
The two-volume anthology published in 1866, "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War"
The Golden Triangle is the name of Pittsburgh's business district.
If a court finds a provision of the tax regulations to be unconstitutional, the severability provisions ensure that only the specific unconstitutional provision is invalidated while all other provisions remain in full force and effect.
Duquesne University's Mary Pappert School of Music
Assistant Director, Pittsburgh Partnership at $107,490
The breathtaking incompetence of the Trump administration
Every vehicle in a parking place must display evidence of the parking transaction, such as tickets, lease permits, or meter receipts, except in certain specified circumstances.
Artwork and special guests
Cash, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express
54
An "Operator" is any person conducting the operation of a parking place or receiving consideration for parking or storage of vehicles, including governmental bodies, non-profit corporations, or agents of these entities, as well as those leasing land where vehicles are parked and consideration is received.
According to a 2014 Pew Research Center study, 78% of Pittsburgh's population identified as Christian.
$160,000
During the Great Railroad Strike of 1877, Pittsburgh workers had massive demonstrations that erupted into violence, resulting in 40 deaths and the destruction of over 100 train engines and 1000 railcars.
20% off tickets to all Pittsburgh Opera productions
Not specifically listed in the text, just mentioned generally
14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021
161
Home Steelers games and other major events at Acrisure Stadium
No, there is no time limitation for tax collection suits when a fraudulent return was filed.
A program on WQED-FM (89.3) that previews Pittsburgh Opera productions
An optical business upstairs
It follows four impoverished artists in 1830's Paris, focusing on the love story between Rodolfo, a poet, and Mimì, a young seamstress
Ed Gainey was elected as Pittsburgh's first African-American mayor in 2021.
The Italian American Program was founded in 1990.
Visitors can sustain the legacy of the History Center by purchasing a lasting gift inside the History Center, such as time capsules, personalized floor tiles, rocking chairs, and commemorative sports items.
A request for a Parking Tax refund must be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.
An operator may be required to install revenue control equipment if they have consistently underreported gross revenues and tax to the Treasurer, as a condition for licensing.
To establish and maintain a refuse and recycling system that promotes a safe, litter-free and environmentally friendly City
The spiritual powers of light and vast darkness, and the history of computers and cars
The penalty for employers who fail to remit the LST by the due date is 5% for every month or fraction thereof that the tax remains unpaid, with a maximum penalty of 50%.
Squirrel Hill is known as the hub of Jewish life in Pittsburgh.
The Frick Pittsburgh's founding date is not explicitly stated in the provided text.
Historic carriages and early automobiles showing America's transition from carriage to car
Promoting connection, inclusion, and compassion through community artmaking and conversation
Verismo, Virtual Reality, and Fiction in Opera
Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan
Itawamba Community College
Picklesburgh
Yes, it's free
"Performing Arts" are defined as artistic performances of live concerts, dance, ballet, opera, traditional forms of drama, and dramatic recitation of recognized works of literary art associated with traditional and contemporary American Theater.
No, acceptance of the return and/or negotiation of payment doesn't constitute final acceptance of accuracy or completeness. The Treasurer reserves the right to make corrections, request additional information, or treat any filing or payment as a partial disposition of liability.
The Helen Clay Frick Society
Twenty-one to forty
November 22-December 24, 2024 (closed Thanksgiving)
75 minutes
Visitors can see hundreds of artifacts and more than 70 interactive exhibits covering all regional sports from boxing to baseball, from sandlots to professional leagues in the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum.
A national service organization dedicated to supporting and promoting the opera industry
1977
The River View Café
A devastating flood struck Pittsburgh in March 1936, with flood levels peaking at 46 feet, killing 69 victims and causing $3 billion in damages.
Tight end
The Italian American Collection is one of the largest repositories of Italian American artifacts, photographs, oral histories, and archival materials in the United States, documenting the pivotal role Italian Americans play in shaping the region's political, economic, religious, and cultural landscapes.
What you don't know about Pittsburgh's Downtown
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra has toured to venues including Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center in New York, as well as major venues of Europe and leading festivals such as the BBC Proms, Salzburg Festival, Musikfest Berlin, Lucerne Festival, Rheingau Music Festival, Beethovenfest Bonn, and Grafenegg Festival.
Karah Son
To give those with SCI and their caregivers the support, resources and funding they need to live independent and meaningful lives
Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens was established in 1893.
New York Life
Pittsburgh has struggled with combined sewer overflows causing untreated sewage to flow into rivers when it rains.
Live music, goat yoga, kids activities, Yellow Tie Gala, pie-eating contest, 5k banana run
The Pittsburgh Penguins have won five Stanley Cup championships.
Banana Split
$25
For valet parking services to be considered "Exempt," they must: serve patrons of a single business establishment, use a parking facility owned or leased exclusively by that establishment, be open only during the establishment's operating hours exclusively for its patrons, and charge less than the prevailing parking rate for comparable public lots in the area.
Pittsburgh is known for pierogies, kielbasa, chipped chopped ham sandwiches, and Klondike bars.
Pittsburgh Symphony subscribers receive benefits including savings up to 28% on concerts, ticket exchange flexibility, priority seating, personal customer service, guaranteed parking options, pre-sale opportunities for special concerts, and invitations to exclusive events.
Bristol Motor Speedway
A real-life art heist
Threads of Destiny
According to a 2014 Pew Research Center study, 78% of Pittsburgh's population identified as Christians.
The Institution and Service Privilege Tax was enacted under the authority of the Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.101.
Idlewild & SoakZone Amusement Park
Historic Bowman Field in Williamsport, Pennsylvania
A taxpayer is engaged in interstate commerce if it is subject to tax in another jurisdiction outside Pennsylvania on its net income or gross receipts.
Sunday in Minnesota
David Bednar
A taxpayer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents, unless an extension of time is granted.
Heinz Hall is located in downtown Pittsburgh in the Cultural District at 600 Penn Avenue.
Community Development Funds are primarily funded by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and are earmarked for projects relating to housing, economic development, and human services needs in neighborhoods with a high concentration of low- to moderate-income households.
Yes, the Treasurer may enter into a written installment payment plan if it's believed that such an agreement will facilitate collection and is in the best interests of the City.
The filing deadline for the first quarter LST return is April 30 (covering January 1 through March 31).
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra has won 22 Grammy awards according to the mention of Vince Gill being a "twenty-two-time GRAMMY winner."
No, natural persons are not subject to the Institution and Service Privilege Tax as they are specifically excluded from the definition of "Person."
The Frick Pittsburgh offers accessibility features including ADA compliant parking, wheelchair accessible buildings, wheelchairs for visitor use, accessible restrooms, power-assist doors, and accommodations for visitors with hearing impairments.
The Food & Fitness program blends health and history to encourage visitors to learn more about wellness.
The City real estate tax rate as of 2023 is 8.06 mills.
10 acres
Clayton, the Frick family home
A tropical celebration
The Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives was founded in 1988.
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs live scores for films including Star Wars, Pixar films, and Marvel movies as part of their film concert series.
The Carnegie International
DeNunzio's at the Airport
A week of new ideas brought to light
A volunteer team
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood was created in Pittsburgh.
Woman With Eyes Closed
Sacred places, government offices, theaters, artists spaces and more
Historic Pittsburgh is a digital resource comprising primary and secondary sources about the greater Pittsburgh region, including publications, maps, manuscripts, visual images, and audio-video materials that support personal and scholarly research.
Examples of non-tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh include building construction permits, liquor and malt beverage licenses, interest earnings on investments, intergovernmental funding (grants, aid, and reimbursements), fees for safety inspections, copying City documents, rents from City properties, and use or sale of rights of way.
An "Institution of Purely Public Charity" is an organization that qualifies for tax exemption pursuant to the "Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act" and generally shows that it has a Pennsylvania sales tax exemption.
The African American Advisory Council serves as a volunteer group of scholars, educators, artists, executives, entrepreneurs, journalists, politicians, and retirees that works with History Center staff as a liaison to the African American community and supports programming, promotes collection development, and assists in the facilitation of various projects.
For members of professional football teams, earned income is allocated by multiplying total compensation by a fraction where the numerator is total duty days in Pittsburgh and the denominator is total duty days (including preseason and regular season practice sessions, games, and post-season games and practice sessions).
The Members Hotline
To separate recyclables from municipal waste
More than 140 
Self-employed taxpayers or those who didn't have the tax withheld should file an LS-3 form and pay the $52 tax directly to the Treasurer, prorated and paid quarterly within 30 days after the end of each quarter.
El Podcast Inmaculado
Pittsburgh suffered severe flooding in March 1936.
Kai Ballard
There is no time limit for deficiency notices for the Usage Fee when no return has been filed.
The City Apportionment percentage is the sum of the Payroll Percentage factor, Property Percentage factor, and Sales Percentage factor, divided by three (or fewer if some factors are zero).
Free admission with one free drink ticket
American Rescue Plan funds must be obligated by December 31, 2024, and fully spent by December 31, 2026.
"Net Distribution" is the amount of a Partner's or Self-employed person's draws from net income from businesses with activities in the City that must be reported for the Payroll Expense Tax.
May 4, 2025
Being sellers at the trade deadline
Parks Maintenance Manager at $405,369
G-Suite
It houses the largest collection of Christian relics outside of the Vatican
$6,692,500
Yes, Heinz Hall is a non-smoking building with a No Smoking Policy.
If a provision is found illegal or unconstitutional by a court, the severability clause ensures that other provisions remain in full force and effect, preserving the remainder of the regulations as if the illegal provisions had not been included.
August 17, 2025
10 a.m.-8 p.m.
An annual license from the Superintendent of the Bureau of Building Inspection is required for each individual parking place in accordance with Title Two, Article VII, Section 253.03 of the Code.
No, the History Center cannot appraise materials. Staff can provide a list of certified appraisers, but the donor is responsible for determining and documenting the value of a donation.
Opera Connections
Your best yellow outfit or attire
26 in 2017
An Italianate-style home
Pittsburgh's economy transformed from steel and manufacturing to high technology, robotics, health care, nuclear engineering, tourism, biomedical technology, finance, and education.
Yes, the Café at the History Center offers a wide array of grab-and-go items including fresh wraps, salads, sandwiches, and kid-friendly options from Common Plea Catering, open daily during museum hours.
27.5
March 1 through May 25, 2025
No, the remedies for violations of Parking Tax regulations are not mutually exclusive. Utilizing one remedy does not preclude the use of others.
Yes, there are discounted rates for seniors, military, students, and youth
Week 11 against the Cleveland Browns, on Sunday, Nov. 19, 2023
For amounts paid as a result of a notice of underpayment, a written request for a refund must be filed within one (1) year of the date of payment.
Pittsburgh's baseball team was originally referred to as the Buccos or Bucs (derived from buccaneer).
Usage Fee returns must include the names of Employees, Contracting Parties, and/or subcontracting parties and their respective home addresses, city residency, phone numbers, social security numbers, nature of relationship, nature of work performed, dates of work performed, and locations of work performed.
In 2019, Pittsburgh voters approved a referendum to add 0.50 mills to the real estate tax to collect funds for the improvement of the City's parks.
$1,132,104
To influence the future of the Frick and help maintain it as a cultural institution of the highest caliber
Qualified Managing Entities or Nonresident Contracting Parties who employ or enter into contracts with individuals who earn compensation from services performed within the City that require the use of a Publicly Funded Facility are required to withhold and remit the Sports Facility Usage Fee.
Their second round pick (52nd overall) and seventh round pick (223rd overall) in the 2025 NFL Draft
Beginning two hours prior to most BNY Mellon Grand Classics and PNC Pops performances, students and seniors (age 62+) may purchase discounted rush tickets, subject to availability and restricted to certain seating sections.
The Benedum Center
Having a potential location identified and being in active lease negotiations
No, restaurants and bars are not always considered places of amusement; they are only considered places of amusement if they offer entertainment.
412-566-4190
David Strickler
23 years old
The best available seats, excluding Zone A
The "Choose Your Own" package allows patrons to save 15% off single ticket prices when they choose 3 or more concerts from PNC Pops, Movies, or BNY Classics concerts.
Ten Fortune 500 companies call the Pittsburgh area home.
To hold revenue received from the Allegheny County Regional Asset District for the city's regional parks
The History Center offers special programs for children including Discovery Place, the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, family-friendly exhibits and activities, and Fiddlesticks Family Concerts through the Pittsburgh Symphony.
29
Receipts from services associated with interstate commerce are apportioned to Pittsburgh by multiplying total receipts earned everywhere by the City Apportionment percentage.
She is mentioned in a statement regarding her passing
The Pittsburgh Taco Festival might include vegetarian/vegan food options, as mentioned in the FAQ that some vendors have strictly vegetarian/vegan menus and many others have vegetarian options.
October 2024
The largest collection of architectural casts in the world
A Carnegie Mellon professor established a partnership with the Girl Scouts to create the first Girl Scout badge for negotiation, teaching girls why and how negotiation can be useful beyond selling cookies.
The Payroll Percentage factor is calculated as payroll reported subject to City local earned income tax divided by total payroll reported on Federal Form 940.
The time limitation for deficiency assessments when a return has been filed is three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed.
4 to 10 pm
William "Red" Whittaker developed unmanned vehicles to clean up the Three Mile Island nuclear accident site.
Assistant Director - Community Health & Safety and Assistant Director - Community Affairs, both at $107,490
Manager at Triple-A Indianapolis
Season-ending surgery to repair a torn right anterior cruciate ligament
Yes, Heinz Hall provides accessible seating and services for patrons with disabilities.
David L. Lawrence Convention Center
98,500 square-foot
The Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing from the Treasurer or downloaded from the City's website.
150 miles
Persons include foundations, partnerships, corporations, charitable trusts, limited liability companies, and unincorporated associations operating under a non-profit charter, particularly those exempt under various subsections of 26 U.S.C. § 501(c).
Both the nostalgic rural North Carolina of his childhood and the vibrant urban life of places like Pittsburgh and Harlem
84 yards (against the New Orleans Saints)
Jazz, soul, and poetry influences from her singer/guitarist father and violinist mother
Truist Park in Atlanta, Georgia
No, separately stated charges for the rental of tangible personal property, where such charges reflect market pricing, are not part of the Established Price and are not subject to Amusement Tax.
The Andy Warhol Museum
70, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing
Dan Rooney
Supertitles (projected English translations)
$1,150,000
Kyle Dubas
833 1176 5328
Guaranteed Gate Giveaways, Customized Alternate Jersey, or 2% "Pens" Cash Back
Performances by local, national, and international artists
Linda Babcock co-authored two books on negotiation: "Women Don't Ask" and "Ask for it: How Women Can Use the Power of Negotiation to Get What They Really Want."
Karlsson said Jarry "hasn't changed one bit" and "believes in himself"
March 18-19, 2025
The time limitation for suits in the case of a deficiency assessment is three (3) years after the assessment has been made.
Theater, comedy, visual arts, puppetry, music, opera, spoken word and more
$310,765
Andrew Carnegie
5-10 p.m.
"We have talked about our desire to play a game in Mexico many times in recent years and that has not changed. We would love to play a game in front of our fans in Mexico soon and will work with the NFL to help make that happen."
Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Kris Letang, Erik Karlsson, Bryan Rust, and Rickard Rakell
"Renaissance I" urban revitalization project began in 1946.
Fiduciary Funds are used to account for resources held for the benefit of parties outside the government, such as pension plans and agency funds for employee benefits, payroll withholding, escheats, and tax refunds.
Five days before each performance
Fifteen wins
The Frick offers educational programs for families including Family Fun Days, Second Saturday Studios, and various educational activities throughout their museums.
The Bulletin of the Carnegie Institute
Regarding recording devices at Heinz Hall performances, the policy is strict: unless otherwise specifically announced in the program and at the concert, the use of still, video and digital cameras or audio recording equipment is strictly prohibited at all times in the concert hall. Visitors are welcome to take photos and videos in the lobbies and garden area of Heinz Hall, but not during performances.
The actual tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh in 2022 was $537,692,183.
$11,094,249
K&L Gates Center
A massive amount of opportunities for guys on short-term deals or with aspirations to remain in the league
Producers must maintain complete and accurate records of all transactions, the total amount of consideration received, and the total amount of tax collected, including monthly summaries of ticket sales and numbers.
The History Center offers multi-disciplinary museum field trips, guided and self-guided field trips at the Fort Pitt Museum, and hands-on educational programs at Meadowcroft that allow students to explore the history of life in the upper Ohio Valley.
No, materials are not accepted on long-term loan, nor can agreements be made to return materials to heirs. Occasionally, short-term loans for specific exhibits are accepted.
Boston Red Sox
Pontiac's War occurred in 1763, with Native American tribes targeting Fort Pitt among other British forts.
To fill in the financial gap for students attending his alma mater, South Carolina State University
Two people per team (partners)
1999
August 2, 2025
Assets, flexibility, and cap space
Scottish General John Forbes named the city in 1758.
The Made By Us steering committee includes leaders from the Heinz History Center, Smithsonian's National Museum of American History, National Archives, Thomas Jefferson's Monticello, New-York Historical Society, Atlanta History Center, HistoryMiami, and Missouri Historical Society.
Medieval/Renaissance period
The current rate of the Pittsburgh Amusement Tax is five (5%) percent of the established price.
A taxpayer has thirty (30) calendar days to respond to audit notices.
The Sports Facility Usage Fee is a fee imposed on nonresidents who use a publicly funded facility in Pittsburgh to engage in an athletic event or otherwise render a performance for which they receive remuneration.
Director, Deputy Director, Fiscal & Contracting Coordinator, and Administrative Assistant positions
Kara Walker is an artist whose exhibition "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)" is being displayed at the Frick Art Museum.
Ensemble on Fifth
The America 101 initiative is the History Center's commitment to telling the American story and inspiring citizens to explore what it means to be American, empowering people to know and act on the promise of the country's founders through public programs, exhibitions, and educational curriculum.
Yes, any information gained as a result of declarations, returns, investigations, hearings, or verifications is confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except by proper judicial order or as otherwise provided by law.
$1,501,542
The History Center does not sell or rent any donor information to third parties. Periodically they trade donor lists with other similar non-profit organizations, but donors may opt out of these trades.
Donors can provide planned giving to the Frick through appreciated stock, matching gifts from employers, qualified charitable distributions from Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs), and other gift planning opportunities.
Individuals liable for the Sports Facility Usage Fee are exempt from any income tax imposed by a City of the second class and any tax imposed under Section 652.1 of the "Public School Code of 1949."
About 500,000
Oakmont Country Club has hosted the U.S. Open nine times.
Spencer Horwitz
Lynn Cullen
Carnegie Connectors
The deadline for City Council to adopt the budget is December 31st.
Good faith is not a valid defense to the imposition of tax penalties according to Pittsburgh tax regulations.
James Parton's 1868 observation described Pittsburgh as "hell with the lid off."
The North Side was originally known as Allegheny City before being annexed in 1907.
Virtual Reality (VR)
A written petition for reassessment must include: the petitioner's name, address, and daytime telephone number; account and/or social security number; a copy of the assessment notice; a detailed explanation of why the petitioner disagrees with the assessment with supporting documentation; and the petitioner's signature.
"He is a big part of our program" and "a big part of what we do"
"Payroll Expense" is the total Compensation paid to all individuals who perform work or render services in whole or in part in Pittsburgh, including salaries, wages, net distributions, commissions, bonuses, stock options, and other compensation.
Curlew River
A 5K run/walk, a running clinic, the Junior Great Race, Great Race Expo
Businesses that discontinue operations must file their Payroll Tax return within 10 days after discontinuing business or ceasing operation.
Seattle Mariners and New York Mets
4.33 seconds
Highmark Lobby, F.N.B. Club, Captain Morgan Club, Sections 106, 119, 206 and 234
The steel industry collapsed in Pittsburgh after 1970 due to foreign competition.
Self-employed persons working in Pittsburgh are subject to the $52 LST, which should be prorated and paid quarterly.
Three days
Sharing great music
Three days
In 2022, an amount equivalent to 6% of the Bureau of Police's budget was transferred into the fund
The penalty rate for non-payment of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is one-half of one percent (0.5%) per month or fraction of a month.
KDKA began airing as the world's first commercially licensed radio station on November 2, 1920.
More than 100 vendors
An Amusement Tax Permit is required before conducting any form of amusement in Pittsburgh.
All messages with unlimited storage
Kyle Dubas
Cole Holcomb, Logan Lee, and Roman Wilson
December 25 (Christmas Day)
Mike Sullivan used the word "spectacular" to describe Jarry's play
The Grable Foundation
$8,456,820
"Business" is defined as any activity, enterprise, profession, trade or undertaking conducted with the object of gain, benefit, or advantages, including nonprofit businesses and trade associations.
Approximately 20
Light Up Night
Linda Babcock is the Carnegie Mellon professor who worked with the Girl Scouts on negotiation skills.
Visitors must be 21+ to consume or purchase alcohol at Picklesburgh, and proper ID will be required.
The interest rate charged for non-payment of the LST is 12% per annum on the amount of tax.
Yes, it's free
Live performances, scavenger hunts, brick building, STEM activities and more
Operation of the largest Senior Community Center program in the region
The progressiveness of Pittsburgh while saluting the spirit of early ballpark originals
The Heinz History Center is located in Pittsburgh's historic Strip District.
The Treasurer must begin suit for recovery of an erroneous refund within two years after making the refund, or within five years if the refund was induced by fraud or misrepresentation.
The fine for willfully failing to appear before the Treasurer with books and records is not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or imprisonment for not more than thirty days.
The income threshold for exemption from the Local Services Tax is less than $12,000 in earned income and net profits from all sources within the City for the calendar year.
Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
82,300
Revenue derived from the execution of cooperation agreements and subsequent reimbursement
For non-player personnel, earned income is allocated based on working days per year by dividing the total number of working days within Pittsburgh by the total number of working days in the year to arrive at the working days apportionment fraction.
The Local Services Tax is prorated by dividing the annual tax ($52) by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year (for example, $52/26 pay periods equals $2 per pay).
To fund expenses relating to the six Regional Parks: Frick Park, Hays Woods Park, Highland Park, Emerald View Park, Riverview Park, and Schenley Park
Yes, it's free
A "Patron" is any person entering into a transaction to park or store a motor vehicle at a non-residential parking place for any period of time for consideration, excluding any transaction involving Exempt Valet Parking Services.
In historic Point State Park in Downtown Pittsburgh
St. Patrick's Day
Leadership in History Award
No, insurance companies regulated by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department are exempt from the Institution and Service Privilege Tax.
The St. Patrick's Day Parade
White water rafting, camping, rock climbing, and outdoor adventures
Four days
A mobile ticket must be displayed on a smartphone
All Cities and Boroughs in Allegheny County
More than 40,000
Fl.2 at Fairmont Pittsburgh is the Official Hotel of the PSO, offering a balance of vibrant and inviting elements designed to create the perfect dining experience with a menu paying homage to tradition using house-made and locally sourced items.
"Dr. Dave's"
Casual dining with a picturesque view of Pittsburgh's best backyard
Medicine has replaced steel as Pittsburgh's leading industry.
Over 12 programs
State of Downtown Pittsburgh Snapshot Reports
There is no time limitation for filing suit to recover unpaid Parking Tax when the return is fraudulent.
Pittsburgh was incorporated as a borough on April 22, 1794.
A "soda jerk" at a drugstore
The Warhol Café
Monies from Police Details, Secondary Employment, Special Events cost recovery, and administrative charges for police services on a premium pay basis
No, pets are not allowed at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival. The website states: "We love dogs and pets as much as you do! However, since food is being bought/sold/consumed by many different people, we ask that you leave your four-footed loved ones at home."
The Library & Archives offers digital resources including an online catalog, Historic Pittsburgh digital archive, Jewish Encyclopedia of Western Pennsylvania, finding aids, digital collection highlights, and Google Arts & Culture collections.
Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum
3 points
Vance McDonald
New Dishes for the New Year
Connecting individuals on the streets with local social service outreach programs, organizations, and helpful resources
III and Long Foundation
An "Employer" is any person conducting Business within the City, including partnerships as to their employees and partners providing service in the City, but excluding Exempt Employers.
The Democratic Party has dominated Pittsburgh's mayoral elections since 1933.
6 years old
The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum is a two-floor museum located inside the History Center that tells the stories of Pittsburgh's sports history and champions.
Pittsburgh Opera's first conductor who led the company for nearly 40 years
Bitz Opera Factory
Frick Park provides 664 acres of woodland for activities.
Film Pittsburgh
What's in the best interest of the team
The GigaPan at Meadowcroft is a series of interactive images that allows anyone to explore the Meadowcroft Rockshelter archaeological site from any computer by clicking, dragging, scrolling to zoom, or clicking on tear-drop markers to access additional multimedia content.
130,000
To create and maintain the City-wide system of "Wayfinder Signs"
In 2025, the Frick Art Museum is exhibiting "Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)" from March 1 through May 25, 2025.
Made By Us is a national coalition launched by the Senator John Heinz History Center and leading civic and history organizations that presents history in relevant, provocative and innovative ways to help address societal issues in real-time.
Twice a year (Summer and Winter)
Assets, flexibility, and cap space
The penalty rate for late payment of the Parking Tax is five percent (5%) per month of the amount of unpaid tax.
The modern zombie film genre began with George A. Romero's 1968 film Night of the Living Dead.
The Tartan Racing Team, led by William "Red" Whittaker, won the $2 million Urban Challenge robotic autonomous vehicles race.
The museums part of the Frick Pittsburgh include The Frick Art Museum, Clayton (the historic home), the Car and Carriage Museum, and possibly other educational facilities on the 10-acre campus.
Jewish-themed independent cinema
Redd Up Week
Linebacker
The severability clause in Pittsburgh's tax regulations is designed to ensure that if any provision is found to be illegal or unconstitutional by a court, the other provisions will remain in full force and effect, as if the illegal provisions had not been included.
William "Red" Whittaker is a professor and alumnus of Carnegie Mellon who founded the discipline of Field Robotics and led the Tartan Racing Team to victory in the Urban Challenge robotic autonomous vehicles race.
8 in 2017
Pittsburgh ranked as the 3rd "most secure" big city according to Farmers Insurance in 2013.
Vince Velasquez
An "Employee" under Pittsburgh's Payroll Tax regulations is any individual in service to an Employer, regardless of whether they might be classified as an independent contractor under IRS Form 1099-MISC reporting rules.
Elite Coach Transportation is the official transportation service for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.
The Bocce Tournament supports the History Center's Italian American Program.
$670,314
Pride Night
Five stages
An operator who fails to collect the tax from a patron is personally liable for the tax upon the full consideration received from the patron.
The Pittsburgh Dad series has showcased the Pittsburghese genre to a global YouTube audience since 2011.
New Jersey Devils
The Parking Tax is calculated at the rate of 37.5% of the consideration paid for each parking transaction.
"Compensation" for LST purposes includes any salaries, wages, commissions, tips, bonuses, fees, including net profits from a business for individuals, partnerships, and any other unincorporated taxpayers.
Cincinnati Opera, Detroit Opera, and Utah Opera
If an employee has multiple jobs, they should provide their principal employer with an exemption certificate and provide other employers with a pay stub from their principal employer along with a statement that it is from their principal employment.
A discount program for university students, faculty, and staff at partner colleges and universities
PDP's Senior Director of Economic Development
A request for a refund or credit must be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.
Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
The fine for negligently or willfully making a false statement on a Usage Fee return is not more than two thousand dollars ($2,000) and/or imprisonment of not more than six months.
Kamala Harris
Saturday Night Live in 1994
It is no longer published
Comics and their creators
KDKA 1020 AM was the first commercially licensed radio station in the world that began airing in Pittsburgh.
Yes, utilities regulated by the Pennsylvania Utility Commission are exempt from the Institution and Service Privilege Tax.
Charlie Batch
The refund for a business that discontinues service during a tax year is calculated by multiplying its gross receipts for the preceding full calendar year by a fraction whose numerator is the number of months the business was in service during the tax year and whose denominator is 12.
Richard Karp
Foxburg Country Club, dating from 1887, is the oldest U.S. golf course in continuous use located near Pittsburgh.
The Local Services Tax (LST) is a tax on individuals for the privilege of engaging in an occupation, levied on the person's primary place of employment.
Cheap Seats program with partner universities
$20 per person
English texts projected above the stage
Art Rooney II is Dan Rooney's son
"Walking Miracle"
It is one of Frank Lloyd Wright's most iconic homes and can be visited as a daytrip from Pittsburgh
Sponsorships, donations, registration fees, farmers markets, and Great Race
A Service is defined as carrying on or exercising within Pittsburgh any medical, educational, beneficial, social, recreational, vocational or other type of service for which a charge is made, as a non-profit entity, but does not include the sale or rental of personal property.
Historic Strip District
The Great Fire of Pittsburgh occurred in 1845.
Jonas Salk developed one of the first successful polio vaccines while at the University of Pittsburgh.
The contract for advertising on the City's bus shelters
Exhibition admission, a glass of wine (21+), and after-performance meet-and-greet with musicians
Meadowcroft Rockshelter reopens in May 2025.
Washington fought the Battle of Jumonville Glen on May 28, 1754.
The Detre Library & Archives is Western Pennsylvania's preeminent source for researching the region's rich history, preserving historic artifacts and archival materials.
Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick
A pageant to crown a representative for the festival
Improvement, maintenance, creation and operation of public parks; improving park safety; providing equitable funding for underserved neighborhoods; securing matching funds from charitable parks conservancies
For entertainers, earned income is allocated based on the earned income attributable for the performance in the city's Publicly Funded Facility.
176 parks
The fine for negligently or willfully failing to remit the entire amount of the Usage Fee is not more than two thousand dollars ($2,000) and/or imprisonment of not more than six months.
$715,971
$5,669,703
The Heinz History Center has six floors of exhibits to explore.
Clayton at the Frick Pittsburgh is the historic home of the Frick family from 1882-1905, showing what life was like in 1892, a pivotal year for the nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family.
A person is deemed to be conducting "Business within the City" if they engage employees and do at least one of the following: maintain a fixed place of business within the City; own or lease real property within the City; maintain stock for sale in the City; conduct continuous solicitation within the City; or utilize the streets of the City in connection with business operations.
The first quarterly Payroll Tax return is due May 31, covering the Payroll Expense during January, February, and March of the current year.
The Citizen You mobile app is designed to foster civic engagement by gamifying everyday civic actions, bringing together citizens of all ages to compete in challenges and earn points for civic-minded activities including attending local council meetings, helping neighbors, and voting.
Temporary or seasonal service providers must file their tax returns within seven days from the day they complete their service.
Before requesting a refund from the Department of Finance, a patron must first approach the Producer for a refund because the Producer has the best knowledge of the facts. The Producer shall have sixty days to review and grant or deny the refund in writing.
500+ participants
Virginia C. Byerly, Carolyn Hunt Mahaffey, Priscilla W. Collins, Ruby N. Wickersham, and Marie M. Pease
The University of Pittsburgh was chartered in 1787.
The Detre Library & Archives was founded in 1879.
Hundreds of bands
Café Carnegie
More than 800 museums
Visitors can discover the pivotal role of the Pittsburgh region in the French & Indian War, American Revolution, and Early Republic through interactive exhibitions, life-like figures, and 18th-century artifacts.
$921,503
Up to 20%
$160,269
Five
$7.48 billion
If the taxpayer is a corporation or unincorporated entity, a Director, President, Trustee, or Officer may sign the tax return.
The Charity Randall Foundation, The Grable Foundation, First National Bank, Dr. Albert Lin and Karen Jeng Lin, and Wallis Katz
Girls 9-13
Companies like Uber, Aurora, Waymo, and Motional have a presence in Pittsburgh because of their strong ties to Carnegie Mellon University, which has contributed to Pittsburgh's growing autonomous vehicles cluster.
Andy Warhol's nephew
The Amusement Tax is imposed upon patrons for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement in Pittsburgh.
Taxpayers have ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment to request a Treasurer's Hearing.
Monterey Bay Fish Grotto
It is the home of the GAA and hosts the Irish finals of Gaelic football and hurling
The G20 Summit took place in Pittsburgh in September 2009.
Pittsburgh's sports teams uniquely all share the same team colors (black and gold), a practice that doesn't occur in other U.S. cities.
An initiative started under Mark Weinstein that led to the appointment of Christopher Hahn and John Mauceri
Chicago Bears
Yes
Taxable Institutions include any person, organization, foundation, corporation, or unincorporated association operating under a non-profit charter, such as hospitals, nursing homes, colleges, universities, non-elementary/secondary schools, cemeteries, veterans organizations, recreational centers, and fundraising organizations.
Someone can donate materials to the History Center collection by filling out a Collection Donation Form providing information about the materials and their connection to Western Pennsylvania, which is then assessed by the Collections Committee.
Madama Butterfly Trunks, Opera Improv Trunks, Carmen Trunks, Bravi Tutti Trunks, Tot Trunks
The last time Pittsburgh's budget was not approved before December 31st was 1931.
MOVE Mile, Heroes' Mile, and Aspire Mile
Publicly Funded Facilities must provide the Finance Department with all relevant contracts and/or contract information in a manner acceptable to the Finance Department, and certify correctness thereof, within thirty (30) days of finalization of the contract.
To serve as a vehicle for large special events run by Parks & Recreation
Three days
More than 249,000
It's about Pinkerton putting on a VR headset and transporting into a virtual reality where he seduces and abandons Cio-Cio San
Rob Brezsny
No, fees paid for the privilege of admission to a bowling alley to engage in games of bowling are not subject to the Amusement Tax.
Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh are considered the most well-known educational institutions in Pittsburgh.
-19.1%
1 hour 15 minutes before the performance starts
When a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit for tax collection must be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later.
"There was interest, teams kicking tires, but in the end, we got through the deadline and he remains a member of our team"
Accounts included under the Workers' Compensation category include Medical - Workers' Compensation (52301), Indemnity - Workers' Compensation (52305), Legal - Workers' Compensation (52309), Workers' Compensation Settlement (52314), and Workers' Compensation Fees (52315).
The Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation resisted the demolition plans during urban renewal.
Pittsburgh's steel industry began to implode during the 1970s and 1980s due to foreign competition and other economic factors.
Manually issued tickets must be numbered, dated, and issued in serial number sequence. Separate sets of tickets must be used for different locations and for flat rate parking. Written authorization is required to change numerical sequences.
An "Exempt Performing Arts Production" is a Performing Arts event where the Producer is an Institution of Purely Public Charity and the proceeds, net of reasonable expenses, inure exclusively to the Institution of Purely Public Charity.
The 5k Banana Run
Pittsburgh was incorporated as a city on March 18, 1816.
Employers must keep LST records, including exemption certificates, for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later.
90 miles
The Banana Split
66 receptions for 992 yards and five touchdowns
Real-time visual and audio content during performances
Fort Prince George was the name of the first European habitation at the site of present-day Pittsburgh.
The Smithfield Street Bridge was the first river bridge in the region.
A race event set against Pittsburgh's North Shore
