Got questions? We've got answers.

The 50th, 25th, 10th, 5th and 1st class reunions are held each April at Spring Carnival. Other class years or groups looking to coordinate a reunion or members of a reunion year interested in helping to plan the event should complete the Volunteer Interest Form, and a member of the CMUAA staff will contact them.

Interest Networks reconnect alumni with a common interest, identity or affinity with the university. Events and reunions for these groups are usually based on the anniversaries of the group's establishment and may occur at  Spring Carnival or Homecoming. Visit the networks page to explore all CMU's Alumni Networks.

Alumni who would like to plan an event or reunion for an Alumni Interest Network should complete the Volunteer Interest Form, and a member of the CMUAA staff will contact you.

One of the most popular ways to reconnect with the university is through regional Alumni Networks. These geographic-based groups provide networking and socializing opportunities and send out regular e-communications. Your mailing address automatically associates you with the nearest regional network, if one exists. Explore the complete list of current CMU Alumni Networks.

Please note: You may choose to associate with up to two additional regional Alumni Networks. Update your account to do so.

Just let us know that you're interested! Fill out the Volunteer Interest Form, and a CMUAA staff member will contact you to discuss what opportunities exist to meet your needs and interests.

Explore more about volunteering at CMU

Absolutely! The Online Directory is an excellent resource for finding friends with whom you may have lost contact. If you cannot find the person there, please contact the Alumni Association.

The university maintains an alumni database for personal and individual communications among alumni and for official university purposes. We provide lists of groups of alumni only to the recognized volunteer leaders of such groups. If you are a leader of your class or interest group and need a list, reach out to the Alumni Association to receive one. If you are not, please work through your group's leadership.

Contact community@andrew.cmu.edu if you have any questions or have issues registering.

I forgot my password:

If you are unable to use the self-service utility, contact community@andrew.cmu.edu, and we will assist you.

I want to change the types of emails I receive:

Carnegie Mellon Today is no longer published. From September 2015 to July 2017, Carnegie Mellon Today was distributed as a web-based publication. The web archive is available via the Carnegie Mellon Today website.

To explore current news about Carnegie Mellon University, its faculty and staff, current students and alumni, please visit the CMU website.

The Career & Professional Development Center (CPDC) offers a variety of services for CMU alumni. Alumni can use all of the resources available to current students, including job postings in Handshake, CMU's online recruiting platform for students, alumni and employers. For more information about CPDC's services, contact the CPDC by phone or email.

You can post positions for fellow alumni through the CMU Alumni LinkedIn Page.

Explore the professional development resources offered by the Alumni Association to jump-start your career!

The Career & Professional Development Center (CPDC) offers a variety of services for CMU alumni. They can use all of the resources available to current students, including job postings in Handshake, CMU's online recruiting platform for students, alumni and employers. For more information about CPDC's services, contact the CPDC by phone or email.

Please email The Hub (enrollment services), contact the registrar at 412-268-8186 or visit The Hub website to request copies of your official Carnegie Mellon transcript.

Only those with a valid CMU ID (such as students, faculty and staff) may access and use the CUC fitness facilities. For additional questions, please contact the Athletics Department at 412-268-1236.

Information about visiting CMU, including directions, can be found on the Carnegie Mellon website.

As is the case on most urban college campuses, parking is at a premium during the work week. Most parking on campus is reserved for faculty, staff and students who purchase monthly parking leases, although there are some lots that also are open to the public for a fee. On-street parking is available on the streets surrounding CMU. After 5 p.m. each day and during the weekends, university parking lots are open to the public at no charge.

Explore on campus parking options and current rates

There are two visitor parking spaces available by prior reservation in the Alumni House parking lot. To reserve one of these spaces, please call 412-268-8089.

The online Alumni Community allows alumni to update their contact information, as well as select which fields of information will be viewable by fellow alumni.

When you update your information in the online directory, it is updated in real time in the online community and updated overnight in the university database.

You may also email your updates to alumni-house@andrew.cmu.edu or call 412-268-2060 or 800-226-8258.

CMU offers an @alumni.cmu.edu email address, powered by G-Suite, to all alumni. These accounts allow you to transition your student account, send and receive from a CMU email address, maintain your personal calendar, store contacts and keep all messages with unlimited storage.

Learn more about CMU alumni email

Please email information about a deceased alumnus to the Alumni Association or mail a copy of the obituary or death notice to:

Alumni HouseCarnegie Mellon University5017 Forbes AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15213

Update Your Information

Give Now

University Advancement5000 Forbes AvePittsburgh, PA 15213 Contact Us

