The CMU Alumni Association proudly honors these members of the CMU community, all of whom have made an impact on their industries, their communities, their alma mater and others' lives around the world.

The annual Alumni Awards event brings alumni, students, faculty, staff and friends together to celebrate those receiving the Founders Medal for Outstanding Service and Exceptional Achievement, Alumni Achievement Awards, Alumni Service Awards and Recent Alumni Awards.

The Founders Medal is presented to an alumnus/a in recognition of both a longstanding record of service to and support for Carnegie Mellon University, and a record of professional or vocational achievements that are truly exceptional and have brought honor and prestige to themselves and to CMU. All alumni are eligible for this award, including those who have received prior alumni honors from the university or one of its colleges, schools or departments.

Awarded to an alumnus/a for exceptional accomplishment and leadership in the nominee's professional or vocational field, which brings distinction to themselves and honor to the university. The contribution(s) need not be publicly renowned but should represent important creative effort or accomplishment with significant impact and value.

Presented to an alumnus/a for volunteer service to the university or any of its alumni organizations. Several dimensions of service are considered, including breadth of service (service in multiple CMU volunteer roles), depth or longevity of service, and impact of volunteer service on the alumni organization and/or the university. Financial contributions are specifically excluded from consideration for this award, although volunteer service soliciting contributions on behalf of the university or service on CMU fundraising committees is applicable.

This award does not consider volunteer service to non-CMU organizations. Similarly, Carnegie Mellon employees or those alumni with business relationships to the university are not eligible on the basis of their employment duties or business services.

CMU's greatest assets are its people — the alumni, students, faculty, staff and friends who have forged CMU's legacy of innovation and excellence. Since 1950, the CMU Alumni Awards have recognized alumni in the CMU community for their service to the university and their impact on the world, and for their accomplishments and leadership in their professional or vocational fields.

Help us honor outstanding Tartans with these four, easy-to-complete steps:

We encourage nominators to review the Alumni Awards categories to ensure you’re selecting the best fit for your nominee.

Update Your Information

Give Now

University Advancement5000 Forbes AvePittsburgh, PA 15213 Contact Us

