Alumni from around the world form networks with other Tartans, current students and parents to build and maintain connections with each other and with CMU. Regardless of where you live, your shared identity and common experiences, or what you do and how you play, you can tap into these volunteer-led programming areas – or help start one yourself.

If you don't see your location, interest, student organization or affiliation, fill out the Volunteer Interest Form and the Alumni Association will be in touch.

Carnegie Mellon University alumni networks are open to all alumni, regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap or disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, ancestry, belief, veteran status or genetic information.

You can connect with fellow Tartans through regionally-based networks across the United States.

If your home base is outside the U.S., regionally based international networks help keep you connected with fellow Tartans around the world.

You can meet alumni who have shared experiences and interests through identity networks.

Reconnect with alumni  who were involved in campus student organization.

Carnegie Mellon’s regional, international, identity and student organization-based alumni networks and the volunteers who run them are a vital avenue for alumni to connect with each other and the university. The Networks of Excellence (NoE) program launched in 2023 to recognize and celebrate the most engaged networks and their leaders.

At the start of the year, network volunteer leaders work with CMU staff to choose a level of engagement that is sustainable and comfortable for them and create an annual plan for the network. These plans serve as guideposts and goals for the network’s activities. At the end of each year, networks who achieve their goals of excellence in programming and participation are recognized as a Network of Excellence.

Volunteers are trained and supported throughout the NoE planning process, which includes areas of emphasis like volunteer management, meeting cadence, communication strategy, event blocking, fundraising strategy and success metrics.

Update Your Information

Give Now

University Advancement5000 Forbes AvePittsburgh, PA 15213 Contact Us

