Your connection to CMU doesn't stop at commencement. Carnegie Mellon is here to support you through every stage of life. You have access to an array of tools, services and programs, including the online Alumni Community, career support and alumni email. The CMU Alumni Association is ready to help guide you to the resources you need.

The online Alumni Community is your hub to get the most out of your connection to CMU. Through Community, you can:

Log in to your account

CMU offers an @alumni.cmu.edu email address, powered by G-Suite, to all alumni ahead of their student @andrew email addresses shutting down. These accounts allow you to send and receive from a CMU email address, maintain your personal calendar, store contacts and keep all messages with unlimited storage.

Learn more about alumni email accounts

A Carnegie Mellon transcript is your official documentation of courses completed and degrees awarded. It includes courses and final grades for each semester. It includes both the undergraduate and graduate record, as applicable, as well as any transfer or advanced placement credits. There is a fee of $10 per transcript, and there are extra fees for express mailing, depending on the service and destination.

Order your transcript through The Hub

A Carnegie Mellon diploma is your certificate of accomplishment. The diploma is printed with your name and primary degree and any additional majors or university honors. The Hub offers diploma authentication and replacement diplomas for a fee.

Please note: Recent graduates who were unable to attend their departmental commencement ceremonies to receive their diploma may pick them up at The Hub, or they will be mailed in the weeks following commencement.

Learn more about The Hub's diploma services

The CMU Technology Store offers Apple products at a discounted educational rate. Our alumni are able to view stocked products or contact the store to get a quote for a custom configuration. To start an order, either call 412-268-2636 or email techstore@cmu.edu.

CMU alumni are eligible for a scholarship for the university's new online graduate certificate programs of up to 20% of tuition.Learn more about CMU's Online Graduate Certificate Programs

The Alumni Association and the Career and Professional Development Center can connect you with career coaches to help you with a job change or major career switch.Learn more about career coaching at CMU

For more information on how to access services for alumni, contact the Alumni Association.

Update Your Information

Give Now

University Advancement5000 Forbes AvePittsburgh, PA 15213 Contact Us

