CMU offers full @alumni.cmu.edu email accounts, powered by G Suite, exclusively to all alumni.

Email accounts are automatically available for alumni from the Classes of 2015 to present. Please note: Alumni who graduated prior to 2015 can request an account. If you would like to request an account or are unable to access alumni email, please contact alumni-email@andrew.cmu.edu for assistance.

With G Suite @alumni.cmu.edu email, you can:

You can access your account by logging in using your Andrew ID and password through your preferred web browser at http://mail.alumni.cmu.edu. Access using a mobile device or email client requires a separate G Suite password.

To learn more about how G Suite handles data security and privacy, visit the G Suite Security Center.

Learn more about Password Management on the Computing Services website.

If you have forgotten your password, you can use the reset process by:

In order to provide an additional level of account protection, the university is enrolling alumni in two-factor authentication (2fa). This is parallel to the login process used for the CMU community of students, faculty and staff.

All @alumni.cmu.edu email address users will need to enroll in 2fa by Wednesday, December 15, 2021.

2FA provides a secondary checkpoint to verify your identity. Here is how it works:

It takes just a few minutes to register. Visit How to Use 2fa for step-by-step instructions on getting started with DUO.

Forgot your Andrew password?

Please direct any questions to alumni-email@andrew.cmu.edu.

For alumni who graduated prior to 2015, you can request your alumni email address by contacting the Alumni Association at alumni-email@andrew.cmu.edu. You will receive an email confirming your request, as well as further instructions regarding the activation of your Andrew ID for login purposes in subsequent communications. Your alumni email name will be assigned by the university. Your alumni email address will be NAME@alumni.cmu.edu.

Please Note: The university is no longer able to support @alumni.carnegiemellon.edu email addresses that were created under the previous email forwarding system.

Current Students Preparing to GraduateYes, as a graduate of Carnegie Mellon, your @andrew.cmu.edu and @cmu.edu alias will cease to function approximately 90 days after graduation. As you prepare for the loss of this account, you should read the Computing Services recommendations for graduating students.

The new @alumni.cmu.edu email will use your Andrew ID as your name, but will use the "alumni" designation in your email, i.e. "acarnegie@alumni.cmu.edu."

No, but you should pull the data from your @andrew email using the Google Takeout tools. Detailed information can be found on the Computing Services website.

Logging into your alumni email is simple. All it requires is an Andrew ID and password. Recent graduates will already know their account information, as it is the same as what you use to log into other university services. For alumni wishing to create an alumni email, your Andrew ID will need to be reactivated or created to allow you to access your alumni email. This will be taken care of as part of the process of requesting an alumni email.

Note: If you wish to access your alumni email via mobile device, check out the handy tutorial and FAQs from CMU's Computing Services to learn more about setting up your device and email client.

To access your email from a mobile device, download the Google Mail mobile app from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.

To configure your email for use with an email client, visit Configure Your Email.

You may see the following error messages when you log into G Suite:

If you do, just clear your browser cache and cookies and check that your system clock is correct. Be sure to log in through mail.alumni.cmu.edu.

Update Your Information

Give Now

University Advancement5000 Forbes AvePittsburgh, PA 15213 Contact Us

Beginning with the Class of 2015, all new graduates automatically have their alumni email created after their graduation from the university is confirmed. You can access your account at any time at

When you log into G Suite @ CMU alumni email, you will be able to access only the Google services that are enabled: Mail, Calendar and Personal Contacts.

Your G Suite @ CMU alumni email is separate and is not associated with any personal Gmail account.

Unfortunately, Carnegie Mellon and Google do not support configuring personal Google Mail accounts to send as your alumni email address.

Yes, you can forward your email to a different email account. Use the Google's forwarding option.

Yes. Check out the

To address this issue, remove the account from your phone and re-add it, following the steps described on the

Because your password is transmitted to Google for authentication when you access your email using a mobile device app or email client, we require a separate password. Your password is not transmitted to Google when using a web browser. Instead, the password is authenticated on our servers.

No, there is no global contacts list for CMU alumni. If you would like to find a fellow alumnus, you can search the

We encourage users to review the

No. When you access Google Apps through a web browser, your password is authenticated on our servers and is not sent to Google. If you access your email using a mobile device app or email client, your password is transmitted to Google for authentication. For this reason, we require you to create a separate G Suite password that is different from your Andrew password.

No, ads are disabled for G Suite @ CMU.

Per contract, the university may not use Google for "high-risk activities," for data that is controlled for export under export control laws or in ways that reverse-engineers, resells or creates similar services through the use of Google.

Our agreement with Google does not grant either party any rights, implied or otherwise, to the other's content or any of the other's intellectual property. As a Google customer, we (university/end user) own all intellectual property rights in customer data; conversely, Google owns all intellectual property rights in the services.

Google provides customer access and the ability to export their data for a reasonable period of time. After this time, Google will destroy/overwrite the data.

