Join Dr. Edda Fields-Black for an examination of untold stories and reclaimed histories through her most recent book, COMBEE: Harriet Tubman, the Combahee River Raid and Black Freedom during the Civil War. COMBEE explores Harriet Tubman’s often-overlooked role in the largest slave rebellion in US history that resulted in the liberation of 756 people from bondage on seven rice plantations. Through previously unexamined sources, Dr. Fields-Black—herself a descendent of a soldier who fought in the raid—brings to life the Combahee River Raid and the untold stories of those freed, their resilience, and the lasting impact of Tubman’s heroism.

Following the book talk, enjoy a light reception and book signing with the author as well as access to Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated). Ticket price includes exhibition admission, advanced registration required.

Dr. Edda L. Fields-Black is a Professor in the Department of History and the Director of the Dietrich College Humanities Center at Carnegie Mellon University.

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Visit

Explore The Frick

Plan Your Visit

See and Do

Make the most of your visit

Plan Ahead

Learn

Explore from anywhere

Virtual Museum

Exhibitions

Now On View

Kara Walker

Event information

Location

Cost:

Description:

See & Do

Mar 13

March 13, 2025

Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) comes to the Frick Art Museum f...

Mar 14

March 14, 2025

Join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in Kara Walker: Harper'...

Mar 14

March 14, 2025

Join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in Kara Walker: Harper'...

Previous Event:

Next Event:

Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter.

Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh |

