Make A Donation

With just a few weeks remaining in our fiscal year, we are asking for your help to reach our annual fund goal! As a non-profit organization, we rely upon the kindness of our community members to help us provide engaging experiences, educational programs, and inspiring exhibitions from year to year. Thank you for supporting the Frick Pittsburgh!

The Frick Art & Historical Center is a non-profit 501(c)3 charitable organization. Contributions are tax-deductible as allowed by law. (Tax exempt number 25-1596285.)

Join, renew, or gift a membership today.  Learn More

Members of The Frick Societies serve as incomparable champions of arts and culture with philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick’s diverse collections for all to enjoy.  Learn More

Donate online or call 412-371-0600.

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Visit

Explore The Frick

Plan Your Visit

See and Do

Make the most of your visit

Plan Ahead

Learn

Explore from anywhere

Virtual Museum

Exhibitions

Now On View

Kara Walker

Using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the Frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow.

Many companies will match charitable contributions made by employees and retirees, doubling or tripling the impact of your gift.  Contact your employer’s Human Resources department to find out if it has a matching gift program.  Complete and mail the matching gift form along with your contribution, or email

Qualified charitable distributions from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) are current gifts with an immediate impact on all that we do here at the Frick.

The most common form of charitable giving is an outright gift of cash. By exploring a wide range of gift planning opportunities, you can learn how to achieve your personal financial planning goals while making a significant contribution to the Frick.

Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter.

Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh |

