Extend your reach to new customers, receive public recognition, and build community goodwill through sponsorship at the Frick.  The options listed below provide promotional opportunities for your company to benefit from name placement in front of a premium audience.  Build your brand, receive valuable recognition, and support great events and educational programming for our community. Contact Manager of Institutional Support Jodi Golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or JGolomb@TheFrickPittsburgh.org.

Sponsors play an important role in supporting the Frick’s exhibitions and bringing important artwork to Pittsburgh.  Exhibition Sponsors are recognized in many highly visible ways, enhancing their profile and demonstrating their commitment to the arts.

Exhibition Sponsors receive benefits such as the following:

UPCOMING EXHIBITIONS

View Exhibitions   View Exhibition Events

Throughout the year, the Frick hosts a variety of exciting events.  Event sponsors support popular programming and receive valuable recognition from key audiences.

Event Sponsors receive benefits such as the following:

See upcoming events available for sponsorship.

View Events

The Frick offers a variety of opportunities to support education programs for all ages. Supporting programs at the Frick is a great way to demonstrate your company’s commitment to education.

Sponsorships are available ranging from a single program, to a package of 6 or 12 programs.  Program Sponsors receive benefits such as the following:

Family Fun Days -- This series offers a variety of activities for families to enjoy, such as lawn games, collaborative projects and take-home artwork.  Previous programs have included the following themes:

Second Saturday Studios -- This family-friendly arts programming encourages children and their families to make art together.  Families with children of all ages are invited to explore different and unusual materials or find fresh new ways to use familiar paper, paint and pencils.  This free, drop-in program is held in the new Education Center.

Examples of typical programming:

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Visit

Explore The Frick

Plan Your Visit

See and Do

Make the most of your visit

Plan Ahead

Learn

Explore from anywhere

Virtual Museum

Exhibitions

Now On View

Kara Walker

Donate to the Frick

Keep up to date with news and events from The Frick Pittsburgh newsletter.

Copyright 2018 | The Frick Pittsburgh |

