INFO TENT is located next to First National Bank at Cedarville & Liberty

PORTAJOHNS are located at each intersection along the festival footprint

View map of portajohn locations

FREE Parking at UPMC Luna Garage, Enter through back entrance at bottom of Gross St near Cypress St...Saturday 12:00pm-9:00pm and Sunday 12:00pm-5:00pm. Parking courtesy of UPMC FREE Parking at UPMC Aiken Ave garage, Center Ave garage, and UPMC Urgent Care lot on Baum Blvd Saturday and Sunday courtesy of UPMC FREE PARKING at Garage at Liberty & Aspen Saturday & Sunday courtesy of West Penn Hospital PAID PARKING at the lot at 718 State Way PAID PARKING at Cedarville & Taylor St. lots Thursday through Sunday VENDOR PARKING behind St. Maria Goretti on pearl in lot NEXT to church lot, vendor parking also at St. Maria Goretti lot on Edmond St behind PNC Bank Saturday and Sunday There are other free and paid parking spaces around the festival footprint.

Starting Wednesday, August 14 at 6:00pm PARKING SPOTS on Liberty from Ella St. to Winebiddle St. will be closed, street will be open.

Saturday, August 17 10:00am until Sunday, August 18 8:00pm: •Liberty Ave. will be closed from Taylor St. to Gross St.

Closed throughout the festival (Thursday, August 15 – Sunday, August 18): • Saphire Way • Pearl St. – next to Citizen’s Bank from Liberty to Corday Way & next to First National Bank • Garnet Way • Cedarville St. – next to the Pleasure Bar from Liberty to Corday Way • State Way • Edmond St. – next to PNC from Liberty to Corday Way

Taylor St., Mathilda St. and Millvale Ave. will remain open Detours will be clearly marked on street signage

We don’t recommend bringing dogs because of the size and density of the crowd, both for the safety of your pet and the attendees. Of course service dogs are always welcome.

Bikes can be locked to the parking lot fence on Liberty Ave between Gross and Winebiddle. On Thursday & Friday we strongly encourage cyclists to use the vehicle detours. If you choose to ride through Liberty Ave., you will have to share lanes with vehicles. Liberty Ave. will be closed Saturday & Sunday. Healthy Ride Bike Share has 3 stations in Bloomfield and Bike Pittsburgh has maps and other resources for cyclists.

Leave the car at home and take alternative transportation to the festival! Uber & Lyft are great ways to avoid the hassle of parking at Little Italy Days. The Port Authority of Allegheny County will have 5 convenient alternative bus routes near Liberty ave.

Bloomfied Little Italy Days© 2022

