Pittsburgh Restaurant Week is a celebration of restaurants and dining in the steel city. Started in 2012, it’s been an annual tradition to host a winter edition in January and summer edition in August. The winter edition focuses of celebrating “New Dishes for the New Year” while the summer edition features dishes taking advantage of the local produce and harvests with lighter fare.

In order to participate in restaurant week, the restaurant is expected to create a limited-time small menu that is offered for dine-in guests during the dinner meals between the dates of the celebration alongside the restaurant’s normal menu. While many restaurants opt for a multi-course menu with multiple options per course, that is not the designated requirement. See more details on pricing below.

Restaurant registration is accepted on a rolling basis up until the celebration. A restaurant must complete the online registration form and submit timely payment to appear on the listing of restaurants and on the participating restaurant map.

The registration form will ask for the anticipated pricing structure (multi-course vs special entrees, but the exact pricing structure is NOT locked in until menu is provided.

On the restaurant listing page, the restaurant appears at the bottom of the page until the menu is received.

Once the limited-time menu has been determined, upload the special menu through the website to receive the full benefit of the celebration. It is recommended the menu is provided as text-only and not embedded in a prepared graphic. Once the menu is provided, it will be posted to the restaurant’s profile.

Menus submitted before the posted deadline will be formatted and shared through Pittsburgh Restaurant Week’s social media platforms.

Menus provided after the deadline will be posted to the website but will forfeit the benefit of the social media versions being created.

With such a wide variety of establishments participating, a one-size-fits all pricing model doesn’t make sense, so Pittsburgh Restaurant Week has themed pricing of “24-cents” for 2024. All special menus should follow that pricing model. Common pricing options include:

Restaurant Owners: Sign-up to receive exclusive restaurant owner alerts:

